a machine is being used to drive a car. 
a machine is being used to drive a toy car. 
a machine is being used to record a recording. 
a machine is running and clicking. 
a machine is being used to record a recording of a car. 
a man is speaking in the background while a woman is speaking in the background. 
a man is speaking in the background while a radio buzzes. 
a man is speaking in the background while a woman is speaking. 
a man is speaking in the background while a woman is speaking in the background 
a man is speaking in the background while a woman is talking. 
the crackling and crackling of a vinyl record is accompanied by the crackling and crackling of a vinyl record. 
the crackling and crackling of a vinyl record is accompanied by the crackling and crackling of the vinyl record. 
the crackling and crackling of a vinyl record is accompanied by the crackling and crackling of a vinyl record 
the crackling and crackling of a vinyl record is accompanied by the crackling and crackling of a metal record. 
the crackling and crackling of a vinyl record is accompanied by the crackling of a vinyl record. 
keys jingling on a key ring. 
keys are jingling and shaking. 
keys jingling on a key ring 
a key is jingling, followed by a loud clang. 
keys are jingling and ringing. 
a knife is being used to scrape against a metal surface. 
a knife is being slid across a metal surface. 
a knife is being used to scrape a metal surface. 
a knife is being slid into a metal surface. 
a knife is being used to scrape a metal object. 
a group of people are talking in a crowded room. 
a group of people talking in a crowded room. 
a large group of people are talking in a crowded room. 
a large group of people talking in a crowded room. 
a large group of people are talking and laughing. 
a man gasping and gasping. 
a man is gasping and gasping. 
someone is gasping and gasping. 
a man gasping and panting. 
a man gasping and panting 
someone is making a loud growl. 
someone is making a growl. 
someone is making a loud growl and growling. 
someone is making a loud growl and growl. 
someone is making a loud growl and then making a growl. 
wind is howling in the distance. 
wind is howling in the distance, and the wind is howling in the distance. 
wind is howling in the distance as the wind blows. 
wind is howling in the distance as the wind blows in the distance. 
wind is howling in the distance as the wind blows in the background. 
someone is opening and closing a bottle of water. 
a person is opening and closing a bottle of water. 
someone is opening and closing a bottle of water 
someone is opening and closing a metal container. 
a person is opening and closing a bottle of water 
music is playing in the background while children are playing in the background. 
music is playing in the background while children are playing in the background 
music is playing in the background while children are playing. 
music is playing in the background while a child is playing. 
music is playing in the background as a child plays. 
a plastic bag is being crumpled and crumpled. 
a plastic bag is crumpled and crumpled. 
plastic is being crumpled and crumpled. 
someone is crumpling a plastic bag. 
a plastic bag is being crumpled. 
ocean waves are blowing in the distance. 
ocean waves are whistling in the distance. 
ocean waves are whistling in the distance as the wind blows. 
ocean waves are whistling in the background. 
ocean waves are whistling in the distance as a boat is passing by. 
whoosh sounds are being made with a cane. 
whoosh sounds are being made by swinging a cane. 
whoosh sounds are being made. 
whoosh sounds are being made with a cane 
whooshing with a cane 
a machine is making a noise in the background. 
a machine is making a noise in the background while a person is talking in the background. 
a machine is making a noise in the background while a person is talking. 
a machine is making a noise in the background while a person is talking in the background 
a machine is making a noise in the background while a person speaks. 
traffic is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
traffic is passing by and people are talking. 
cars and trucks are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
traffic is passing by and people are talking in the background 
cicadas are chirping and birds are chirping. 
cicadas are chirping and birds are chirping in the background. 
cicadas are chirping and birds are chirping in the distance. 
cicadas are chirping and birds are chirping 
cicadas are chirping and birds are chirping in the background 
a soundscape is being created. 
a sound is being made with a sound generator. 
the sound of a machine is being played. 
a soundscape is being created with a sound generator. 
a soundscape is being created with a soundscape. 
a radio is being switched on and off. 
a radio is being switched on and off with static. 
a radio is tuned to a static frequency. 
a radio is switched on and off. 
a radio is being switched on and off with a static. 
a match is being lit and a match is being struck. 
a match is being lit in a matchbox. 
a match is being lit and a match is being lit. 
a match is being lit and extinguished. 
a match is being struck and extinguished. 
a brass band is playing in the background. 
a brass band is playing in the background and a trumpet is playing. 
a band is playing a song. 
a brass band is playing a song. 
a brass band is playing in the background as a trumpet is played. 
water is being poured into a sink. 
water is being poured into a drain. 
water is being poured into a sink and then the water is stopped. 
water is being poured into a drain and then the water is stopped. 
water is being poured into a sink and then the water is stopped and replaced. 
a machine is running in the background. 
a machine is running in the background while a person is typing. 
a machine is running in the background while a person is talking. 
a machine is running in the background while a woman is talking. 
a machine is running in the background while a woman speaks. 
a door is opened and a door is opened. 
a person is opening and closing a door. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
a person is opening and closing a door and then opening and closing it. 
a door is opened and a door is opened 
someone is flipping through the pages of a book. 
someone is flipping through a book. 
a person is flipping through a book. 
someone is flipping through the pages of a book 
someone is flipping through the pages of a book and turning them. 
a horse chirps and a bird chirps in the background. 
a horse chirps and a bird chirps in the distance. 
a horse chirps and a bird chirps. 
a horse chirps and a bird chirps in background. 
a horse chirps and a bird chirps in the background 
bells are ringing in the background as people talk in the background. 
bells are ringing in the background as people are talking in the background. 
bells are ringing in the background as the wind blows. 
bells are ringing in the background as people talk. 
bells are ringing in the background as people talk in the background 
a horse is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a horse carriage is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a horse carriage is passing by and people are talking. 
a horse is passing by and people are talking. 
a horse is passing by and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping and cawing in the background. 
birds are cawing and cawing in the background. 
birds are cawing and cawing. 
birds are chirping and cawing in the trees. 
birds are chirping and cawing. 
people are talking in a crowded restaurant. 
a group of people are talking in a restaurant. 
a group of people are talking in a crowded restaurant. 
a group of people are talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while dishes are clinking. 
a knife is being sharpened on a grinding surface. 
a knife is being sharpened on a grinding stone. 
a knife is being sharpened on a knife. 
a sharpening knife is being sharpened on a grinding surface. 
a knife is sharpening a knife. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a door is opened. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is being used. 
people are talking in the background while a door opens. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is being used to record. 
ocean waves are crashing on the shore of a beach. 
ocean waves are crashing on the shore. 
ocean waves are crashing against the shore. 
ocean waves are crashing on the shore of a lake. 
ocean waves are crashing on the beach. 
a drum is being played on a modular synthesizer. 
a drum is being played on a synthesizer. 
a drum is being played on a drum machine. 
a drum is being played on a modular synth. 
a drum is being played on a modular synthesizer 
water is dripping into a sewer grate. 
water is dripping down a drain. 
water is dripping into a sewer grate and then into a sink. 
water is dripping into a sewer grate and then into a sewer grate. 
water is dripping into a sewer grate 
a melody is being played on a keyboard. 
a melody is being played on a computer. 
a melody is being played on the keyboard. 
a melody is played on a keyboard. 
a melody is being played on a cassette. 
a machine is turning on and off. 
a machine is running and stops. 
a machine is running in the background. 
a machine is turning on and off, and stops. 
a machine is turning on and off and running. 
a person is walking down the stairs of a building. 
an object is falling down a wooden table. 
a person is walking down the stairs. 
a person is walking down the stairs of a house. 
a person is walking down a wooden floor. 
a vending machine is opening and closing. 
a vending machine is being used. 
a vending machine is opening and closing 
a vending machine is opening and closing, and a person is making a purchase. 
a vending machine is opening and closing, and a person is making a payment. 
a bird chirping in the background. 
a bird is chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as they sing. 
birds are chirping in the background as they sing in the background. 
a piece of metal is being moved around in a circular motion. 
a piece of metal is being moved around. 
a metal object is being moved around. 
a wooden object is being moved around. 
a piece of metal is being moved around in a wooden box. 
people are talking in the background while dishes are clinking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while dishes are clinking. 
people are talking in a restaurant. 
people are talking in the background while dishes are clinking in the distance. 
people are talking in the background while dishes are clinking in the background 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the distance. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the foreground. 
a car is passing by on a highway. 
a car is passing by on the road. 
a car is passing by on the highway. 
a car is passing by on a highway and a person is talking in the background. 
a car is passing by on a highway and a person is talking. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as the wind blows. 
birds are chirping in the background as the wind blows in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
a squeaky object is being rubbed against a glass surface. 
a squeaky object is being rubbed against a surface. 
a squeaky object is being rubbed against a window. 
someone is rubbing their hand against a glass surface. 
a squeaky object is rubbing against a surface. 
a person is walking and tapping on a wooden surface. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor and tapping on a metal object. 
a person is walking on a wooden surface and tapping on a wooden surface. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor and tapping on a wooden table. 
an engine is running and a car is passing by. 
a machine is running and a car is passing by. 
a machine is working and a car is driving by. 
a machine is running and a person is speaking. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
a person is opening and closing a door. 
someone is opening and closing a drawer. 
a door is opened and closed. 
a person is opening and closing a door 
an electronic device is making a noise in the background. 
an electronic device is making a noise. 
an electronic device is making a noise in the background while a man is talking. 
an electronic device is making a noise in the background 
a person is making a noise with a microphone. 
wind is blowing in the background while a person is talking in the background. 
wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the background as rain falls. 
wind is blowing in the background while a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the background while a person is talking in the background 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background as a train passes by. 
people are talking in the background while a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running and a door is opened. 
a creaking sound is being made by a person. 
a creaking sound is being made. 
a person is creaking a plastic bag. 
someone is creaking a plastic bag. 
a creaking sound is being made by someone. 
a group of people are running down stairs. 
a group of people are running down stairs in a large building. 
a group of people are running in a large space. 
a group of people are running in a large building. 
a group of people are running down stairs in a large space. 
someone is stirring a cup of coffee in a cup. 
someone is stirring a cup of coffee in a mug. 
someone is stirring a cup of coffee in a bowl. 
someone is stirring a cup of coffee in a cup of water. 
someone is stirring a cup of coffee. 
a cat is purring loudly. 
a cat is purring loudly and loudly. 
a cat is purring and breathing. 
a cat is purring loudly as it is sleeping. 
a cat is purring loudly as it sleeps. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
a door is opening and closing. 
someone is opening and closing a door and then opening and closing it. 
someone is opening and closing a door and then opening and closing the door. 
someone is opening and closing a door 
someone is washing dishes in a sink. 
someone is washing dishes in the sink. 
someone is washing their hands in the sink. 
someone is washing their hands in a sink. 
someone is washing their hands in the sink and then they are washing their hands. 
the sound of a spaceship flying through space. 
the sound of a spaceship flying through the sky. 
the sound of a spaceship flying through space 
the sound of a spaceship flying through the sky 
the sound of a spaceship flying in the sky 
a piece of metal is being picked up and dropped on a hard surface. 
a piece of metal is being picked up and dropped on a table. 
someone picks up a piece of metal and picks it up. 
someone picks up a piece of metal and picks it up again. 
a piece of metal is being picked up and dropped. 
a person is opening and closing a bottle of water. 
someone is opening and closing a bottle of water. 
someone is opening and closing a bottle of wine. 
a person is opening and closing a bottle of wine. 
a person is opening and closing a door. 
a metal object is being dragged across a concrete surface. 
a metal object is being scraped across the floor. 
a metal object is being dragged across a concrete floor. 
a metal object is being dragged across the floor. 
a metal object is being scraped across a surface. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background and a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background 
people are talking in the background while a machine is working. 
a metal object is being poured into a plastic container. 
a metal object is being poured into a metal bowl. 
a metal object is being poured into a plastic bowl. 
rain is falling down on a metal surface. 
rain is falling down onto a metal surface. 
the sound of a machine running in the background. 
a machine is running and spinning. 
the sound of a machine running in the background and then stopping and restarting. 
the sound of a machine running in the background 
the sound of a machine running in the background and then stopping. 
an electric motor is running and buzzing in the background. 
a motor is running and buzzing. 
an electric motor is running and buzzing. 
an electric motor is being used. 
an electric motor is running and buzzing in the background 
a machine is running and people are talking in the background. 
a machine is running while people talk in the background. 
a machine is running and people are talking. 
a machine is running and people are talking in the background 
a machine is running and people are speaking. 
birds are calling and crickets are chirping in the background. 
birds chirping and crickets chirping in the background. 
birds are calling and crickets are chirping. 
birds are calling and crickets are chirping in the background 
birds chirping and crickets chirping in the background 
someone is walking up and down stairs. 
someone is walking up and down a hard surface. 
someone is walking up and down the stairs. 
a person is walking up and down stairs. 
a person is walking up and down a hard surface. 
a sound is being made with a synthesizer. 
a synthesized sound is being played. 
a sound is made with a synthesizer. 
a looping sound is being played. 
a sound is being made with a synthesizer 
a machine is being used to make a sound. 
a machine is being used to make sounds. 
a machine is making a sound. 
a machine is being used to make a toy. 
a machine is being used to make a sound 
water is pouring down from the roof of a building. 
water is pouring down from a waterfall. 
water is pouring down a drain. 
water is pouring down from the roof of a building 
rain is falling down on the ground. 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing. 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing in the background. 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing in the distance. 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing in the background 
a heavy rain falls on a metal surface. 
a heavy rain falls on the ground. 
heavy rain is falling on the ground. 
water is pouring down a waterfall. 
a heavy rain falls on the ground and a car drives by. 
a man is running and breathing heavily. 
a man is running through a forest and breathing heavily. 
a man is running through a forest. 
someone is running and breathing heavily. 
a man is running through a forest with a panting sound. 
people are talking in the background while a car is passing by. 
people are talking in the background as a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background while a door is opened. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a door opens. 
a train is stopping at a station. 
a train is stopping at a station and a door is opening. 
a train is stopping at a station and a door opens. 
a train is stopping at a station and then stops. 
a train is stopping at a station 
a person is slapping their hands together. 
a person is slapping a surface with their hands. 
someone is slapping their hands together. 
a person is slapping a surface with their hand. 
a person is slapping a surface with their hands 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling in the background. 
thunder is rumbling and rain is falling. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling. 
rain is falling and thunder is clapping. 
a baby is sniffing and making sounds. 
a baby is making sounds. 
a baby is snuggling and breathing. 
a baby is making a groan as it sleeps. 
a baby is making a groan as it is being fed. 
a door is opening and a door is closing. 
a door is opening and a door is opening. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is opening. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is closing. 
a door is opening and a door is closing 
a truck is passing by on a busy road. 
a truck is passing by on a busy street. 
a truck is passing by on a highway. 
a truck is passing by on the road. 
a truck is passing by on the highway. 
an aircraft is taking off and taxiing away. 
an aircraft is taking off and passing by. 
an aircraft is taking off, passing by, and landing. 
an aircraft is taking off. 
an aircraft is taking off and landing. 
someone is walking down stairs and someone is talking in the background. 
someone is walking down stairs in a hallway. 
someone is walking down stairs and someone is talking to them. 
someone is walking down stairs and someone is talking. 
someone is walking down stairs and someone is talking in the background 
water is bubbling and bubbling in the water. 
water is bubbling in the water. 
water is bubbling and bubbling. 
water is bubbling and bubbling in a shallow water. 
water is bubbling and bubbling in the water 
a cat is meowing and purring. 
a cat is meowing and purring 
a cat is meowing and purring, while a woman is meowing and purring. 
a cat is meowing and purring, while a woman is purring. 
a cat is meowing and purring, while a woman is purring and scratching. 
a person is walking in the woods. 
a person is walking through a field with a shovel. 
a person is walking in a field with a shovel. 
a person is walking in a field with a tree branch. 
a person is walking through a field with a shovel and a shovel. 
people are talking and walking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background as a car drives by. 
people are talking and walking in the background 
people are talking in the background while a car drives by 
water is splashing and splashing in a bathtub. 
water is splashing and splashing in the bathtub. 
someone is splashing water in a bathtub. 
water is splashing in a bathtub. 
water is splashing and splashing in a bathtub 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in the background. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in the background 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in the distance. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping 
birds are chirping and roosters are crowing. 
birds are chirping and roosters are chirping. 
birds chirping and roosters chirping in the background. 
birds chirping and roosters crowing in the background. 
birds chirping and roosters chirping in the background 
a bell is ringing and people are talking in the background. 
a bell is ringing and people are talking in the distance. 
a bell is ringing and people are talking. 
a bell is ringing and people are talking in the background 
a bell is ringing and a person is talking. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background 
a washing machine is being turned on and off. 
a washing machine is running at a constant rate. 
a washing machine is being turned on and running. 
a washing machine is being turned off. 
a washing machine is being turned on. 
water is bubbling and gurgling. 
water is flowing and bubbling over rocks. 
water is flowing and bubbling. 
water is bubbling and gurgling in a shallow stream. 
water is flowing over rocks and gravel. 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing. 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing in the background. 
a fire is burning in the background. 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing in the distance. 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing in the background 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing. 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing in the background. 
the rain is pouring down on a metal surface. 
the rain is pouring down on a surface. 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing in the background 
a sharp object is being scraped on a wooden surface. 
a sharp object is scraped on a wooden surface. 
a metal object is scraped on a wooden surface. 
someone is cutting a piece of wood with a sharp knife. 
someone is cutting a piece of wood with a knife. 
an emergency siren is sounding in the distance. 
an emergency siren is sounding in the background. 
a siren is sounding in the distance. 
a siren is sounding in the background. 
a siren is sounding in the distance as it is being recorded. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is driving by. 
a large crowd of people are talking in the background. 
a large crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a large hall. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a large crowd of people are talking and talking. 
rain is pouring down the drain of a sewer pipe. 
rain is pouring down the drain of a sewer system. 
rain is pouring down the drain of a drain. 
rain is pouring down the drain of a car. 
rain is pouring down the drain of a sewer. 
thunder claps and claps in the distance. 
thunder claps and claps in the background. 
thunder is clapping and clapping. 
thunder claps and claps in the distance as thunderstorms roll in the distance. 
thunder claps and claps in the background as thunderstorms roll in the distance. 
a bee buzzes and birds chirp in the background. 
a swarm of bees buzzing and birds chirping in the background. 
a bee buzzes and birds chirp in the background 
a bee buzzes and birds chirp in background. 
a swarm of bees buzzing and birds chirping in the background 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
waves are crashing and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
waves are crashing and birds are chirping. 
a person is cutting a piece of fruit with a sharp knife. 
a person is cutting a piece of fruit with a knife. 
a person is chopping a piece of fruit with a knife. 
a person is cutting a piece of meat with a knife. 
a person is cutting a piece of paper with a knife. 
a cricket chirps loudly as it chirps. 
a cricket chirps loudly in the background. 
a cricket chirps loudly in the distance. 
a cricket chirps loudly as it chirps in the distance. 
cicadas chirping in the background. 
a motorcycle is revving up and revving down. 
a motor is revving up and revving down. 
a motor is revving up and down. 
a motorcycle is revving up and down. 
a motorcycle is revving up and revving down 
a person is cutting a tree with a chainsaw. 
someone is cutting a tree with a chainsaw. 
a person is cutting a tree with a saw. 
someone is cutting a tree with a saw. 
a person is cutting a tree. 
a car is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a car is passing by and people are talking. 
a car is passing by and people are talking in the background 
a car is passing by and a bell is ringing. 
a car is passing by and a bell rings. 
a group of people are talking in the background. 
a group of people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
a group of people are talking in the background and a machine is running. 
a group of people are talking in the background while a machine is making a noise. 
fireworks are exploding and people are talking in the background. 
fireworks are exploding and people are talking. 
fireworks are exploding and people are talking in the distance. 
fireworks are exploding and people are cheering. 
fireworks are exploding and people are talking in the background 
water is falling from a fountain and birds chirping in the background. 
water is falling from a fountain and birds are chirping in the background. 
water splashes into a fountain and birds chirp in the background. 
water is falling from a fountain and birds are chirping. 
water is falling from a fountain and birds are chirping in the background 
waves crashing on a sandy beach. 
waves are crashing on a sandy beach. 
waves crashing on the beach. 
waves are crashing on the beach. 
waves crashing on a sandy beach 
children are playing and talking in the background. 
children are playing and singing in the background. 
children are playing in the background while a car drives by. 
children are playing and talking in the background 
children are playing and singing in the background 
a diesel engine is starting, idling, and idling. 
an engine is idling and idling. 
a diesel engine is idling and idling. 
a diesel engine is idling, idling, and revving. 
a tractor is idling and idling. 
thunder is clapping and birds are chirping in the background. 
thunder is clapping and birds are chirping in the distance. 
thunder is clapping and birds are chirping. 
thunder is clapping and birds are chirping in the background 
thunder and birds chirping in the background 
a hammer is hitting a metal object. 
a hammer is hitting a metal object with a low pitch. 
a hammer is hitting a metal object 
a hammer is hitting a metal object with a low frequency. 
a hammer is hitting a metal object with a metallic sound. 
water is being poured into a container. 
water is bubbling and bubbling in the water. 
water is bubbling and bubbling in a container. 
the water is bubbling and bubbling. 
water is bubbling and bubbling in a small container. 
people are talking in the background and a horse neighs. 
people are talking and laughing in the background. 
people are talking in the background as a horse neighs and a pig chirps. 
people are talking in the background as a horse neighs. 
people are talking in the background as a horse neighs and a horse neighs. 
someone is walking in the forest. 
a person is walking in the forest and a bird chirps in the background. 
a person is walking in the forest. 
someone is walking in a forest. 
a person is walking in the forest and a bird chirps. 
a machine hums as it runs in the background. 
a machine is running and buzzing. 
a machine hums as it runs. 
a machine hums as it is running. 
a machine hums as it runs in the background 
a truck is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a truck is passing by and people talk in the background. 
a truck is passing by and people are talking in the distance. 
a truck is passing by and people are talking in the background 
a truck is passing by and people are talking. 
a bell is ringing and a voice is coming from the background. 
a bell is ringing and a voice is saying something. 
a machine is making a sound. 
a machine is making a noise. 
a bell is ringing and a voice is coming from the background 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the background 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are driving by. 
the sound of a person is being created. 
the sound of a person is being made. 
the sound of an airplane flying overhead. 
the sound of an airplane flying over the sky 
the sound of an airplane flying overhead 
an ambulance is passing by with a siren in the background. 
an ambulance is passing by and a siren is blaring. 
an ambulance is passing by with a siren in the background 
an ambulance is passing by in the distance. 
an ambulance is passing by and a siren is playing. 
a baby is whimpering and whimpering. 
a baby is whimpering and groaning. 
a baby is whimpering and making sounds. 
a baby is whimpering and crying. 
a baby is whimpering and groaning 
wind is blowing in the trees and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing in the trees and birds are chirping in the distance. 
wind is blowing in the trees and birds are chirping in the background 
wind is blowing in the trees and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing in the trees and birds are singing in the background. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they chirp in the background. 
cicadas are chirping in the background. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they chirp. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they are chirping. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
someone is walking through dry leaves. 
someone is walking through dry leaves in the forest. 
someone is walking through dry leaves and crunchy leaves. 
someone is walking through dry leaves and leaves. 
someone is walking through dry leaves and crunching them. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars are driving by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy street 
cars passing by on a busy street 
people are talking and walking in the background. 
people are talking in the background and footsteps are coming in. 
people are talking and walking in a corridor. 
people are talking in the background while a door opens. 
people are talking in the background and footsteps are coming from the background. 
a helicopter is passing by and a dog is barking. 
a helicopter is flying overhead and a dog is barking. 
a helicopter is passing by, and a dog is barking. 
a helicopter is flying overhead and a car is passing by. 
a helicopter is flying overhead and a car is driving by. 
thunder is clapping and rain is falling. 
thunder claps and thunder claps in the distance. 
thunder is clapping and thunder is clapping. 
thunder is clapping and rain is falling 
thunder claps and thunder claps in the distance 
an engine is revving up and down. 
an engine is revving up and down as it drives by. 
an engine is revving up and down as it drives away. 
an engine is revving up and down as it drives away from a building. 
an engine is revving up and down as it drives away from the road. 
a group of people are talking and cheering. 
a crowd of people are cheering and cheering. 
a group of people are cheering and singing. 
a group of people are singing and cheering. 
a group of people are chanting and cheering. 
a motor vehicle is starting, running, and idling. 
a car is starting, running, and idling. 
a motor vehicle is starting, running, and stopping. 
a car engine is starting, running, and stopping. 
a car is starting, running, and stopping. 
a person is shaking a plastic bag. 
a person is flapping their hands in the air. 
a person is shaking a piece of paper. 
a person is shaking a piece of paper 
a person is shaking a plastic bag 
a group of people are playing a game. 
a group of people is playing a game. 
a group of people are talking and laughing. 
a group of people are playing a game and a crowd of people are talking. 
a group of people are playing a game and a crowd is cheering. 
people are talking in the background while cars drive by. 
wind is blowing and cars are driving by. 
people are talking in the background while cars are passing by. 
people are talking in the background while cars are driving by. 
cars are passing by in the background. 
an engine is running and a fan is running. 
an engine is running and a fan is blowing. 
an engine is running and a fan is turning on. 
an engine is running and a fan is turning. 
a fan is running and humming. 
a clarinet is playing and a clarinet is playing. 
a clarinet is playing and a horn is playing. 
a clarinet is playing and a trumpet is playing. 
an instrument is playing a melody. 
a clarinet is playing and a clarinet is playing 
rain is falling on the roof of a window. 
rain is falling on the roof of a car. 
rain is falling on a window sill. 
rain is falling on a window pane. 
rain is hitting the window of a car. 
a person is dropping a book onto a wooden surface. 
a person is dropping a book onto a table. 
a person is dropping a book onto a wooden table. 
a person is dropping a book onto a desk. 
someone is dropping a book onto a table. 
a wine glass is being hit with a wooden spoon. 
a wine glass is being struck with a wooden spoon. 
a wine glass is being hit with a metal object. 
a person is tapping a wine glass with a wooden spoon. 
a person is tapping a wine glass. 
an aircraft is taxiing away and taking off. 
an aircraft is taxiing away and taxiing away. 
an aircraft is taxiing away. 
an aircraft is taxiing away and taxiing off. 
an aircraft is taxiing up and down. 
water is running from a faucet into a sink. 
a faucet is turned on and off, and water runs into a sink. 
water is running from a faucet into a sink 
a faucet is turned on and off, and water is poured into a sink. 
a faucet is turned on and off, and water is running. 
a train is coming and going at a station. 
a train is coming and going in a tunnel. 
a train is coming and going at a steady pace. 
a train is coming and going at a speed of about 20 miles per hour. 
a train is passing through a tunnel. 
a printer is being turned on and off. 
a printer is being used to print a document. 
a printer is being used to print out a document. 
a printer is printing out a paper. 
a printer is being turned on and off, and a machine is being turned on. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is driving by. 
water is splashing and splashing in the water. 
water is splashing in the water. 
water is splashing through a puddle. 
water is splashing and splashing in the background. 
water is splashing and splashing in the water 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background and traffic is in the background. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background and traffic is in the distance. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping in the distance. 
a bird is chirping and crickets are chirping. 
someone is walking on dirt. 
a person is walking on dirt. 
someone is walking on a dirt surface. 
a person is walking on a dirt surface. 
a person is walking on a dirt path. 
a car engine is starting, revving, and revving. 
a car engine is starting, idling, and revving. 
a car engine is starting and revving. 
an engine is starting and revving. 
a car engine is starting and revving up. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background and traffic is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
water is splashing and people are talking in the background. 
water is flowing and people are talking in the background. 
water splashes and people talk in the background. 
water is splashing and people are talking. 
water is flowing and people are talking. 
a chain is being dragged across a metal surface. 
a chain is being pulled across a metal surface. 
a chain is being pulled over a fence. 
a chain is being dragged across a concrete surface. 
a chain is being dragged across a metal surface 
a mechanical pump is being used to pump water out of a container. 
a mechanical pump is being used to pump water into a bucket. 
a mechanical pump is being used to pump water into a container. 
a mechanical pump is being used to pump water out of a bucket. 
a mechanical pump is being used to pump water. 
a motorcycle is starting and idling. 
an engine is starting and idling. 
a motorcycle engine is starting and idling. 
a motorcycle is starting and revving up. 
motorcycles are starting and revving up. 
a car is starting and driving away. 
a car is starting up and driving away. 
a car is starting and driving off. 
a car is starting and passing by. 
a car is starting up and driving away 
a truck is backing up and backing up. 
a truck is backing up and beeping. 
a truck is reversing and backing up. 
a truck is backing up and backing up with a beep. 
a truck is beeping and backing up. 
a person is punching a ball in the back of the head. 
a person is punching a paper bag. 
a person is punching a ball. 
a person is punching a ball in the air. 
a person is punching a ball in the back of the head 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background as a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background while a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background while cars are passing by. 
people are talking and talking in the background 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
someone is walking on a hard surface. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor with boots on. 
someone is walking on a wooden surface. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor with boots. 
birds chirping in the background as a bird chirps in the background. 
birds chirping in the background while a man speaks in the background. 
birds chirping in the background as a bird chirps in the distance. 
birds chirping in the background as a helicopter flies overhead. 
birds chirping in the background as a bird chirps in the background 
a truck is idling and idling. 
a truck is idling and idling, and a car is idling and idling. 
a tractor is idling and idling. 
a car is idling and idling. 
a truck is idling and idling, and a car is idling. 
a car is driving on a bumpy road. 
a car is driving on the road. 
a car is driving on a highway. 
a car is driving on the highway. 
a car is driving on a bumpy road and then stops. 
a machine is ticking over and running. 
a machine is ticking over and stops. 
a machine is ticking over and off. 
a machine is ticking over. 
a machine is ticking over and over. 
a metal object is being moved around in a metal bowl. 
a metal object is being moved around in a metal container. 
a metal object is rattling in a metal bowl. 
a metal object is being moved around in a bowl. 
a metal object is rattling and clinking. 
an engine is running and a fan is blowing. 
an engine is running, and the wind is blowing. 
an engine is running, and a fan is blowing. 
an engine is running and a fan is running. 
a machine is running, and a fan is blowing. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the distance. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
water is being poured into a pan and a crackling noise occurs. 
water is being poured into a pan and bubbles are bubbling. 
water is being poured into a pan. 
water is being poured into a pan and a crackling noise is heard. 
water is being poured into a pan and a crackling occurs. 
traffic is passing by and cars are passing by. 
traffic is passing by as a car drives by. 
traffic is passing by and cars are driving by. 
traffic is passing by and cars are passing by 
traffic is passing by and cars are passing. 
a person is shaking a piece of paper. 
a person is shaking a sheet of paper. 
someone is shaking a sheet of paper. 
a person is shaking a piece of paper 
a person is shaking a sheet of paper 
a machine is being used to print money. 
a machine is being used to print out a receipt. 
a machine is printing out a receipt. 
a machine is starting up and printing out a receipt. 
a machine is being used to print money 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
someone is opening and closing a door and closing it. 
a door is opened and closed, and a person opens and closes it. 
a door is opened and closed, and a person opens and closes the door. 
a door is opened and closed, and a person opens it. 
cicadas are chirping and insects are chirping. 
cicadas are chirping and insects are chirping in the background. 
cicadas are chirping and insects are chirping 
cicadas and insects are chirping in the background. 
cicadas are chirping in the background. 
a dog is howling in the distance. 
a dog is howling in the distance and a dog is howling in the distance. 
a dog is howling in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the distance. 
a dog is howling in the distance and a dog is howling in the distance 
a chainsaw is being used to cut a tree. 
a chainsaw is starting and revving up. 
a chainsaw is starting and revving up and down. 
a chainsaw is being used to cut down trees. 
a chainsaw is starting and revving. 
a machine is running and people are talking in the background. 
a machine is running in a factory. 
a machine is running and people are talking. 
a machine is running and people are talking in the background 
a machine is running and people are speaking. 
footsteps on pebbles 
footsteps on pebbles and rocks 
a person is walking on a rock. 
footsteps on pebbles and gravel 
footsteps on pebbles and stones 
a washing machine is being used. 
a washing machine is being used to clean up a pile of laundry. 
a washing machine is being used to clean up the washing machine. 
a washing machine is running, and a machine is running. 
a washing machine is being used to clean up. 
a metallic sound is being made. 
a metallic metallic sound is being played. 
a metallic sound is being played. 
a loud metallic sound is being made. 
a loud metallic sound is being played. 
a squeaky door is opening and closing. 
a door is opening and closing with a squeaking sound. 
a door is opening and closing with a squeak. 
a door is opening and closing with a squeaking noise. 
a door is opening and closing with a squeak and a squeak. 
waves are lapping on the shore of a beach. 
waves are lapping on the shore of a lake. 
waves are lapping on a shoreline. 
waves splashing on the shore of a beach. 
waves are lapping on the shoreline. 
a truck is driving by while a car drives by. 
a truck is driving by as it drives by. 
a truck is driving by as it drives away. 
a truck is driving by and then stops. 
a truck is driving by while a car drives by 
a pencil is being used to write on a piece of paper. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper with a pencil. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper with a marker. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper. 
someone is writing with a pencil on paper. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is passing by. 
rain is pouring down on a waterfall. 
heavy rain is falling on the ground. 
rain is pouring down from the sky. 
rain is pouring down from the sky as a helicopter flies overhead. 
rain is pouring down from the sky as it falls. 
an electric drill is being used to drill a hole into a wood surface. 
an electric drill is being used to drill a hole in a wood. 
an electric drill is being used. 
an electric drill is being used to drill a hole. 
an electric drill is being used to cut wood. 
a wooden box is being opened and closed. 
a person is opening and closing a door. 
someone is opening and closing a wooden box. 
a person is opening and closing a plastic door. 
a wooden box is being opened and closed with a squeaky squeak. 
a coin is being dropped into a glass jar. 
coins are being dropped into a glass jar. 
a coin is being dropped into a ceramic bowl. 
a coin is being dropped into a metal bowl. 
coins are being dropped into a metal bowl. 
a train is passing by at a station. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a train is passing by and a horn sounds. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 20 mph. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings 
a truck is reversing and backing up. 
a truck is reversing and beeping. 
a truck is backing up and backing up. 
a truck is reversing and reversing. 
a truck is reversing and beeping while a truck is backing up. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
a person is opening and closing a door. 
someone is opening and closing a door and closing it. 
someone is opening and closing a drawer. 
a person is opening and closing a drawer. 
food is being fried in a skillet. 
food is being cooked in a skillet. 
food is being fried in a pan. 
food is being cooked in a pan. 
food is being fried in a skillet and then the sound of a kitchen sink being turned on. 
a train is running and people are talking in the background. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a train is running and people are talking. 
a train is making its way down the tracks. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
paper is rustling and rustling in the background. 
someone is flipping through a book. 
paper is rustling and rustling in a book. 
paper is rustling and rustling. 
paper is rustling and rustling in the background 
people are cheering and clapping. 
a crowd of people are cheering and clapping. 
a crowd is cheering and clapping. 
a crowd of people cheering and clapping. 
people are cheering and clapping 
a clock is ticking. 
an alarm clock is ticking loudly. 
an alarm clock is ticking and a ticking sound is being played. 
an alarm clock is ticking and a ticking alarm clock is ticking. 
an alarm clock is ticking and a ticking alarm is ringing. 
water is being poured into a plastic bag. 
water is being poured into a plastic container. 
water is pouring into a plastic bag. 
water is being poured into a plastic bag and then poured into a plastic bag. 
water is pouring into a plastic container. 
someone is opening and closing a metal door. 
a metal door is opening and closing. 
a metal door is opened and closed with a squeak. 
a metal door is opening and closing slowly. 
a metal door is opened and closed. 
a creaky wooden door is being opened and closed. 
a squeaky wooden door is being opened and closed. 
a creaky wooden door is being opened or closed. 
a creaky wooden door is being opened and closed 
a squeaky wooden door is creaking. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the foreground. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the distance. 
birds are chirping and cawing in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping and cawing. 
birds are chirping and cawing in the background 
crunching on a piece of cardboard. 
a person is walking on a metal surface. 
crunching on a piece of cardboard, then breaking it into pieces. 
crunching on a piece of cardboard 
crunching on a piece of plastic 
an engine is running, and the wind is blowing in the background. 
an engine is running, and the wind is blowing. 
an engine is running and the sound is being processed. 
an engine is running, and the wind is blowing in the background 
a sound is being processed and processed. 
wind is blowing in the background while a person is talking in the background. 
wind is blowing in the background while a person is talking. 
wind is blowing in the background while a person is speaking. 
wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the background while a car is driving. 
a tractor is idling and idling. 
a tractor is idling on a dirt road. 
an engine is idling and idling. 
a tractor is idling and idling 
a tractor is idling on a dirt road 
a person playing a didgeridoo on a didgeridoo. 
a person is playing a didgeridoo on a didgeridoo. 
a person is playing a didgeridoo. 
a person playing the didgeridoo on a didgeridoo. 
a person playing a didgeridoo. 
a car engine is starting and revving up. 
a car engine is starting and running. 
a car engine is starting and revving. 
an engine is starting and running. 
an engine is starting up and running. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
traffic is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
traffic is passing by and people are talking. 
cars are passing by and people are talking. 
cars and trucks are passing by in the background. 
rain is falling and people are talking in the background. 
rain is falling on the roof of a building. 
rain is falling and people are talking. 
rain is falling on the roof of a house. 
rain is falling and people are talking in the background 
a sound is being made with a mic. 
a sound is being made with a microphone. 
a sound is being made with a mic and a keyboard. 
a sound is being made by a mic. 
a sound is being made with a mic and a keyboard 
a door is opening and closing. 
a door is being opened and closed. 
a door is opening and closing 
a door is opening and closing, and a door is being opened. 
a door is being opened and closed with a squeak. 
people are talking and clapping. 
people are talking in the background as a plastic bag is clogged with water. 
people are talking in the background as a plastic bag is being used. 
people are talking in the background as a plastic bag is clogged. 
people are talking in the background as a glass is broken. 
a train is passing by at a station. 
a train is passing by at a fast speed. 
a train is passing through a station. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 20 mph. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 10 mph. 
a person is taking a shower and taking a shower. 
a person is taking a shower. 
someone is taking a shower. 
a person is taking a shower and is taking a shower. 
a person is taking a shower and then taking a shower. 
someone is walking on a hard surface. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
someone is walking on a wooden surface. 
someone is walking on the floor. 
someone is walking on a carpet. 
water is splashing in a puddle. 
water is splashing into a puddle. 
water is splashing through a puddle. 
water splashing in a puddle 
water is splashing into a puddle 
a person is hitting a wooden object with a wooden stick. 
a person is hitting a wooden object with a stick. 
a person is hitting a tree with a stick. 
a person is hitting a ball with a stick. 
a person is hitting a tree with a hammer. 
a train is arriving at a station. 
a train is passing by at a station. 
a train is coming down the tracks. 
a train is arriving at a station and is passing by. 
a train is arriving at a station 
a train is passing by in the distance. 
a train is passing by in the background. 
a train is passing by in the background 
a train is passing by in the background and a car is driving by. 
a train is passing by in the distance and a car is driving by. 
a loud crackling noise is being heard. 
a loud noise is being made by a computer. 
a loud crackling noise is being played. 
a loud noise is being made by a device. 
a loud noise is being made. 
a jet engine is running and screeching in the background. 
a jet engine is running and screeching. 
a jet engine is running at a high speed. 
a jet engine is running and screeching in the background 
a jet engine is running at a constant speed. 
rain is falling on a hard surface. 
rain is falling on the ground as a car drives by. 
rain is falling on a hard surface and a dog is barking. 
rain is falling on the ground as a car drives past. 
rain is falling on the ground as a car drives by 
birds are chirping and cawing in the background. 
birds are chirping and cawing. 
birds chirping and cawing in the background. 
birds are cawing and cawing in the background. 
birds are chirping and cawing in the forest. 
frogs are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
frogs are chirping and traffic is passing by in the distance. 
frogs are chirping and traffic is passing by in the background. 
frogs are chirping in the distance. 
frogs are chirping in the background. 
a metal object is being dropped onto a hard surface. 
a metal object is being dropped on a hard surface. 
several objects are being hit on a hard surface. 
a metal object is being dropped onto a concrete surface. 
a metal object is being dropped on the ground. 
someone is walking on pebbles and pebbles. 
someone is walking on pebbles on pebbles. 
a person is walking on pebbles and pebbles. 
someone is walking on pebbles. 
a person is walking on pebbles. 
a person is shaking a bottle of water. 
someone is shaking a bottle of water. 
a person is shaking a bottle of water 
a person is shaking a bottle of water and then slurping it. 
someone is shaking a bottle of water 
a bus is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a bus is passing by and people are talking. 
a bus is passing by and people are talking in the background 
a bus is passing by and people are talking and talking. 
a bus is passing by and a person is talking. 
someone is rubbing a finger around the rim of a wine glass. 
a person is rubbing a finger around the rim of a wine glass. 
a person is rubbing a finger across the rim of a wine glass. 
someone is rubbing a finger around the rim of a wine glass 
a person is rubbing a finger around the rim of a wine glass 
a lawn mower is running and passing by. 
a lawnmower is running and passing by. 
a lawn mower is running and a car is passing by. 
a lawn mower is running and a car is driving by. 
a lawn mower is running and passing by 
a train is passing by and stops. 
a steam train is passing by and stops. 
a steam train is passing by. 
a steam train is passing by with a whistle. 
a steam train is passing by with a whistle and a bell. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
thunder is falling and rain is falling. 
rain is falling and thunder is falling. 
plastic is being crumpled and crumpled. 
a plastic bag is being crumpled and crumpled. 
a plastic bag is being crumpled and crumpled 
plastic is being crumpled and crumpled 
a plastic bag is being crumpled and broken. 
a metal door is being opened and closed. 
a large metal door is being opened and closed. 
a metal door is being opened and closed by a person. 
a metal door is being opened and closed by a metal object. 
a metal door is being opened and closed 
a car is passing by on a gravel road. 
a vehicle is passing by on a gravel road. 
a car is passing by on a dirt road. 
a car is passing by on the road. 
a vehicle is passing by on the road. 
a person is walking on dry grass. 
someone is walking on dry grass. 
a person is walking on a leaf. 
a person is walking on dry grass and leaves. 
a person is walking on dry grass 
birds chirping and birds chirping in the background. 
birds chirping and birds chirping in the background 
birds chirping and birds chirping in the distance. 
birds chirping in the background as someone walks by. 
birds chirping and birds chirping 
someone is walking on a gravel path. 
someone is walking on the ground. 
a person is walking on the ground. 
a person is walking on a gravel path. 
a person is walking on the ground with a soft cloth. 
birds are chirping in the background and traffic is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes. 
a cricket chirps loudly in the background. 
a cricket chirps loudly in the distance. 
a cricket is chirping loudly in the background. 
a cricket chirps in the distance. 
a cricket chirps in the background. 
water is pouring down the drain of a fountain. 
water is pouring down the drain of a large fountain. 
water is flowing in a fountain. 
water is pouring into a pool. 
water is pouring down the drain of a fountain 
someone is opening and closing a fridge door. 
someone is opening and closing a refrigerator door. 
a refrigerator door is opened and closed. 
someone opens and closes a fridge door. 
someone opens and closes a refrigerator door. 
frogs are croaking in a pond. 
frogs are chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background. 
frogs are croaking in the background. 
frogs are chirping in the background. 
frogs are chirping in the background while a dog is barking. 
a piece of metal is being rubbed against a surface. 
a metal object is being rubbed against a surface. 
someone is scraping a piece of metal against a surface. 
a metal object is being rubbed against another object. 
a piece of metal is being rubbed against a table. 
rain is falling on the surface of a plastic container. 
rain is falling on the surface of a surface. 
rain is falling on the surface of a metal surface. 
rain is falling on the surface of a concrete surface. 
rain is falling on the surface of a roof. 
birds chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background. 
birds chirping in the background while a pigeon chirps in the background. 
birds chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background 
birds chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the distance. 
birds chirping in the background and a dog chirping in the background 
a shower is turned on and off. 
a shower is turned on and off, and a person turns on and off. 
a shower is turned on and off, and a person turns on and off the shower. 
a shower is turned on and off, and water is running. 
a shower is turned on and off, and the water is running. 
wind is blowing and crickets are chirping. 
wind is blowing and crickets are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and crickets are chirping in the distance. 
the wind is blowing and crickets are chirping. 
wind is blowing and crickets chirping in the background. 
a drum loop is playing and a bass drum is playing. 
a drum loop is being played and a bass drum is being played. 
a drum loop is playing and a bass drum is being played. 
a drum loop is being played. 
a drum loop is being played and a bass drum is being played 
a machine is running and a person is talking in the background. 
a machine is running and a person is talking to it. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a machine is running, and a person is talking. 
a machine is running and a person is talking in the background 
someone is walking on a hard surface. 
a person is walking on a hard surface. 
someone is walking on a hard surface with boots on. 
someone is walking on a hard surface and then running on a hard surface. 
someone is walking on a hard surface and then running on a tile. 
a steam train is passing by with a whistle. 
a steam train is passing by and a whistle is blowing. 
a steam train is passing by and stops. 
a steam train is starting and stopping. 
a steam train is passing by. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
vehicles are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
cars are passing by and people are talking. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background 
vehicles are passing by and people are talking. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background 
a train is passing by in the distance. 
a train is passing by in the background. 
a person is breathing in the background while a person is talking in the background. 
a person is breathing in the background while a machine is running. 
a person is breathing in the background while a machine hums. 
a person is breathing in the background while a person is talking in the background 
a person is breathing in the background while a person is talking. 
wind is blowing in the background and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing in the background while birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing in the background while birds chirp in the background. 
wind is blowing in the background and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing in the background while birds chirp in the distance. 
a bell is ringing loudly. 
a bell is being struck repeatedly. 
a small metal bell is ringing. 
a bell is ringing loudly 
a bell is being struck repeatedly 
wind is blowing in the distance, and the wind is blowing in the distance. 
wind is blowing in the distance as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the distance as a car passes by. 
wind is blowing in the distance, and the wind is blowing. 
birds chirping in the background while a toy is being played. 
a bird is squeaking in the background. 
birds chirping in the background as a toy is being played. 
birds chirping in the background 
birds chirping in the background while a toy is being played 
cars are passing by in the distance and birds are chirping in the background. 
cars are passing by in the distance and birds are chirping in the distance. 
cars are passing by in the distance while birds chirp in the distance. 
cars are passing by in the distance and birds are chirping. 
cars are passing by in the distance. 
a person is striking a gong with a stick. 
a person is struck with a gong. 
a person is struck with a metal object. 
a person is striking a gong with a stick 
a person is striking a gong with a stick and then a bell rings. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing in the trees and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the distance. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is driving by. 
a train is passing by and stops. 
a train is passing through a tunnel. 
a train is departing from a station. 
a train is passing through a tunnel and stops. 
a train is departing from a station and stops. 
a person is smashing a piece of wood with a hammer. 
a person is smashing a piece of wood with a stick. 
a person is smashing a piece of wood. 
a person is smashing a piece of rock with a hammer. 
a person is smashing a piece of wood and breaking it. 
an ambulance is passing by and a siren is blaring. 
a police car is passing by and a siren is blaring. 
a police car is passing by and a siren blares. 
an ambulance is passing by and a siren blares. 
a siren blares and a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the background while a person is talking. 
wind is blowing in the background while a woman is talking. 
wind is blowing in the background while a man is talking. 
wind is blowing in the background while a person is walking. 
wind is blowing in the background as it moves. 
birds chirping in a bird market in port city, port city, port city, port city, port city, port city, port city,
birds chirping in the background while people talk in the background. 
birds chirping in a bird market in port city, port city, port city, port city, port city, port city, port city.
birds chirping in a bird market in port city, port city, port city, port city, port city, port city, port city 
birds chirping in a bird market in port city, port city, port city, port city, port city, port city. 
a man is yelling at a group of people in the background. 
a man is yelling at a group of people. 
a man is shouting at a group of people. 
a man is shouting at a crowd of people. 
a man is yelling at a crowd of people. 
a metal object is being picked up and dropped on a table. 
a piece of metal is being dropped on a table. 
a metal object is being dropped on a table. 
a metal object is being dropped on the floor. 
a metal object is being picked up and dropped. 
water is splashing in the background as birds chirp in the background. 
water is splashing in the background and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is splashing in the background while birds chirp in the background. 
water is splashing in the background as birds chirp in the distance. 
water is splashing in the background and birds are chirping in the background 
someone is playing with a toy. 
someone is playing with a toy toy. 
a toy is being played with a toy. 
a toy is being played with a plastic toy. 
a toy is being played with a plastic toy 
frogs chirping and birds chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and frogs are chirping in the background. 
birds chirping and frogs chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and frogs are chirping. 
frogs chirping and birds chirping in the background 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
a car is passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy street 
cars passing by on a busy street 
someone is knocking on a wooden door. 
someone knocks on a wooden door. 
knocking on a wooden door 
knocking on a wooden door with a bang. 
someone is knocking on a wooden door 
someone is shuffling a piece of wood. 
a piece of wood is being moved around. 
someone is shuffling a piece of wood around. 
someone is shuffling a piece of wood and then pulling it back and forth. 
someone is shuffling a piece of wood 
birds are chirping and stridulating in the background. 
birds are chirping and insects are chirping. 
birds are chirping and stridulating. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and insects are buzzing. 
a faucet is being turned on and off. 
a faucet is being turned on and off, and the water is running down the drain. 
a faucet is turned on and off, and water is poured into a sink. 
a faucet is being turned on and off, and the water is running. 
a faucet is turned on and off, and water is poured into a bucket. 
rain is falling and a car is driving by. 
rain is falling and thunder is blowing in the background. 
rain is falling and a car is passing by. 
rain is falling and thunder is blowing. 
rain is falling and a car is driving by 
a hammer is hitting a piece of wood with a hammer. 
a hammer is hitting a piece of wood. 
a person is hammering on a piece of wood. 
a hammer is hitting a piece of metal. 
a hammer is hitting a hard surface. 
an engine is running and a car is passing by. 
an engine is running and a car is driving by. 
an engine is running and a car is accelerating. 
an engine is running and a car is passing. 
an engine is running and a car is passing by 
birds chirping in the background as they fly by. 
birds chirping in the background as they fly away. 
birds chirping in the background as they fly around. 
birds chirping in the background as they are making noise. 
birds chirping in the background 
a car is driving on a gravel road. 
a vehicle is driving on a gravel road. 
a car is driving on a gravel road and stops. 
a vehicle is driving on a gravel road and stops. 
a car is driving on a gravel road, and a person is driving on a wet road. 
a metal object is scraping against a metal surface. 
a metal object is scraping against a metal plate. 
a metal object is being rubbed against a metal plate. 
a metal object is rubbing against a metal surface. 
a metal object is rubbing against a metal plate. 
birds are chirping in the background and a bird is chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background and a bird is chirping in the foreground. 
birds are chirping in the background and a bird is chirping. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background and a bird is chirping in the background 
someone is opening and closing a creaky door. 
someone is opening and closing a squeaky door. 
a squeaky door is opened and closed repeatedly. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
a squeaky door is opened and closed. 
a metal object is being moved around in a metal container. 
a metal object is being moved around in a metal bowl. 
a metal object is being moved around. 
a metal object is being moved around in a bowl. 
a person is shaking a metal object. 
someone is hitting a metal object with a metal object. 
a person is hitting a metal object with a metal object. 
someone is hitting a metal object with a hammer. 
a person is hitting a metal object with a hammer. 
a metal object is being hit with a metal object. 
a water pump is running in the background. 
a water pump is running. 
a water pump is running continuously. 
a water pump is running in the background 
a water pump is running in the background and a water pump is running. 
a machine is running and a person is talking in the background. 
an engine is running and the wind is blowing. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
an engine is running and a person is talking. 
a machine is running while a person is talking. 
waves are coming in and out of the ocean. 
the waves are coming in and out of the ocean. 
waves are coming in and out of the sea. 
waves are coming in and out of the ocean 
waves are coming in and out of the ocean, and the ocean is moving. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as the wind blows. 
birds are chirping in the background as the wind blows in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a wind blows. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
someone clicks a button on a computer. 
someone is clicking a button on a computer. 
a person clicks a button on a computer. 
someone clicks a button on a computer and then clicks it again. 
someone is clicking a button. 
water is being poured into a glass. 
water is poured into a glass. 
someone is pouring water into a glass. 
water is being poured into a cup. 
water is poured into a glass and then poured into a cup. 
several birds are chirping in the background. 
several birds chirping in the background. 
several birds are chirping in the distance. 
several birds are chirping in the background 
several birds chirping in the background 
a person is walking on a gravel surface. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
a person is walking on a concrete floor. 
a person is walking on a concrete surface. 
a person is walking on a gravel surface and a person is walking on a concrete floor. 
someone is walking on the snow. 
someone is walking in the snow. 
a person is walking on the snow. 
someone is walking on the snow and crunching on the ground. 
someone is walking on snow. 
someone is walking on crunchy snow. 
someone is walking on the snow. 
a person is walking on the snow. 
someone is walking on crunchy gravel. 
someone is walking on crunchy snow 
a person is pouring a cup of water into a bowl. 
a person is opening and closing a drawer. 
a person is pouring water on a table. 
a person is opening and closing a plastic container. 
a person is opening and closing a door. 
water is flowing in a stream. 
water is flowing and splashing in the background. 
water is flowing through a stream. 
water is flowing and splashing in a stream. 
water is flowing through a pool. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background and a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is working. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background 
a musical instrument is playing in the background. 
someone is playing a musical instrument. 
a musical instrument is being played. 
a musical instrument is playing in the background while a man is talking. 
a musical instrument is playing in the background while a person is talking. 
someone is opening and closing a drawer. 
a car is being driven by a man. 
someone is opening and closing a plastic bag. 
a car is being driven by a man and woman. 
someone is opening and closing a purse. 
water is splashing and splashing in a fountain. 
water is splashing into a fountain. 
water is splashing and splashing in the background. 
water is splashing and splashing into a pool. 
water is splashing into a pool. 
waves are crashing against the shore and birds are chirping in the background. 
waves are crashing on the shore and birds are chirping in the background. 
waves are crashing against the shore and birds are chirping. 
waves are crashing on the shore and birds are chirping. 
waves are crashing on the beach and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling and birds chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the distance. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the distance. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background 
birds are chirping in the background. 
something is falling on a hard surface. 
something is falling onto a hard surface. 
a person is walking on a hard surface. 
something is falling on a table. 
a person is walking on a hard surface and a ball is dropped on it. 
a rooster is crowing in the background. 
a rooster crows in the background while a dog crows in the background. 
a rooster crows in the background as it is crowing. 
a rooster is crowing in the background 
a rooster is crowing in the background while a dog is barking. 
someone is rummaging through a plastic container. 
someone is rummaging through a metal container. 
someone is rummaging through a cardboard box. 
someone is shaking a plastic container. 
someone is rummaging through a plastic container 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as they are hooting. 
birds are chirping in the background as they sing. 
birds are chirping in the background while a woman speaks. 
birds are chirping in the background as they are hooting and calling. 
a person is walking through the leaves of a tree. 
someone is walking through the leaves of a tree. 
a person is walking through the leaves. 
a person is walking through the leaves of a leaf. 
a person is walking through a forest. 
someone is walking on crunchy snow. 
someone is walking in crunchy snow. 
someone is walking on crunchy crunchy snow. 
someone is walking on crunchy crunchy crunchy snow. 
someone is walking on crunchy snow 
a crowd of people are talking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background as a crowd of people are passing by. 
a crowd of people are talking and talking. 
people are talking in the background as a crowd of people are talking. 
a crowd of people are talking and talking in the background 
a train is passing by and a bell is ringing. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a train is passing by with a bell ringing. 
a train is passing by, and a bell rings. 
a train is passing by and a bell is ringing 
a person is squishing a banana. 
a person is squishing something in a pond. 
a person is squishing a banana in their hand. 
a person is squishing a banana in their mouth. 
a person is squishing a banana 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy highway. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
cars passing by on a busy highway. 
cars passing by on a busy road. 
water is flowing down a creek or stream. 
water is flowing into a stream or stream. 
water is flowing down a stream or stream. 
water is flowing through a large stream or stream. 
water is flowing through a large stream. 
a bell is being struck with a metal object. 
a bell is ringing and a person is tapping it. 
a bell is struck with a metal object. 
a bell is ringing and a person is hitting it. 
a bell is being struck with a metal object 
the wind is blowing and the rain is falling. 
a thunderstorm is blowing and wind is blowing. 
a thunderstorm is blowing in the background. 
a thunderstorm is blowing in the distance. 
the wind is blowing and the rain is falling 
water is being poured into a sink. 
a machine is being used. 
a machine is being used to fill a cup of water. 
a machine is being used to print out a paper. 
a machine is being used to print out paper. 
an aircraft is taking off and taxiing away. 
a helicopter is taking off and taxiing away. 
an aircraft is taking off and flying away. 
an aircraft is taking off and landing. 
a helicopter is taking off and landing. 
a person is walking on a grassy surface. 
a person is stomping on a grassy surface. 
a person is walking on a wet grass. 
a person is walking on a grassy surface 
a person is walking on a grassy surface and then a person is walking on a wet surface. 
a large group of people are talking in a small room. 
a group of people are talking in a small room. 
people are talking in a small room. 
a large group of people are talking and laughing. 
a large group of people are talking in a quiet environment. 
a train is passing by with its horn blaring. 
a train is passing by with a horn. 
a train is passing by at a high speed. 
a train is passing by and a horn is sounded. 
a train is passing by with its horn blaring and its horn blaring. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a train is approaching and people are talking in the background. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
a train is arriving at a station. 
a train is approaching and people are talking. 
toilet flushing and refilling. 
toilet flushing and refilling 
a person flushes a toilet. 
toilet flushing and refilling with water. 
toilet flushing and refilling with water 
an electric motor is being used to scrape a piece of wood. 
an electric motor is being used to scrape a piece of metal. 
an electric motor is being used to generate a sound. 
an electric motor is being used to produce a sound. 
an electric motor is being used. 
cars are passing by and birds are chirping in the background. 
cars are passing by and birds are chirping in the distance. 
cars are passing by and birds are chirping. 
cars are passing by and birds chirping in the background. 
cars are passing by and birds chirping in the distance. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing in the background as birds chirp in the background. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
someone is turning a piece of paper in a magazine. 
someone is turning a piece of paper around. 
someone is turning a piece of paper into a paper. 
someone is turning a piece of paper. 
someone is turning a piece of paper in a magazine 
someone is walking through dry leaves and pebbles. 
someone is walking through dry leaves and pebbles in the forest. 
someone is walking through dry leaves and crunching them. 
someone is walking through dry leaves. 
footsteps are being made through dry leaves. 
someone is rummaging around in a box. 
someone is rummaging around in a plastic bag. 
someone is rummaging around in a drawer. 
someone is rummaging through a plastic bag. 
someone is rummaging through a box of keys. 
someone is walking in the snow. 
someone is walking on the ground. 
a person is walking on the ground. 
someone is walking through the snow. 
someone is walking on the ground with a heavy bag. 
a car is squeaking and squeaking in the background. 
a car is squeaking in the background while a dog is barking in the background. 
a car is squeaking in the background. 
a car is squeaking in the background while a dog is barking. 
a car is squeaking in the background while a dog is barking in the background 
a vehicle drives by on a busy street. 
a truck is passing by on a busy street. 
cars drive by on a busy street. 
a vehicle drives by on a busy street 
cars drive by on a busy street 
water is flowing over rocks and boulders. 
water is flowing over rocks and splashing. 
water is flowing over rocks and rocks. 
a large stream is flowing over rocks. 
water is flowing over rocks and boulders and splashing. 
a cow is mooing in the background. 
cows are mooing in the background. 
a cow mooing in the background. 
cows are mooing in the background while a car drives by. 
cows are mooing in the background while a man speaks. 
a horse is galloping on a hard surface and a bird is chirping in the background. 
a horse is galloping on a hard surface and a bird is chirping. 
a horse is galloping on a hard surface. 
a horse is galloping on a hard surface and a bird chirps. 
a horse is galloping on a hard surface and a bird is singing. 
a mechanical ratchet is being used. 
a mechanical ratchet is being used to tighten the ratchet. 
a mechanical ratchet is being used to tighten a ratchet. 
a mechanical ratchet is being wound up. 
a mechanical ratchet is being used to tighten the ratchet 
a horse is eating grass and snorting. 
a horse is eating and snorting. 
a horse is eating and snorting in the background. 
a horse is eating and chewing on grass. 
a horse is eating and snorting in a barn. 
a bird is chirping in the background. 
a bird is chirping in the distance. 
a bird is chirping in the forest. 
a bird chirps in the distance. 
a bird chirps in the background as it is singing. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a train is passing by and people are speaking in the background. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the distance. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background 
a group of people are singing in the background. 
a group of people chanting in the background. 
a group of people are singing and chanting. 
a group of people are singing in the distance. 
a group of people are chanting and singing. 
a low pitched drone is being played over and over. 
a drone is being played over and over. 
a drone is being played over and over again. 
a low pitched drone is being played over and over 
a low pitched drone is being played. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling. 
a person is tuning a dial on the am radio. 
a person is tuning a dial on a radio. 
a radio station is tuned to a different frequency. 
a person is tuning a dial on a dial. 
a radio station is tuned to a different frequency than the am radio. 
children are laughing and talking in the background. 
children are laughing and talking in the background 
children are laughing and talking. 
children are laughing and talking in the background while a woman is talking. 
children are laughing and talking in the background while a woman speaks. 
a person is walking on a gravel surface. 
water is being poured into a water bottle. 
a person is walking on a gravel road. 
water is being poured into a container. 
water is being poured into a container and then the water is splashing. 
a man is saying something while a woman is speaking in the background. 
a man is saying something while a woman is saying something. 
a man is saying something. 
a man is saying something to himself. 
a man is saying something while a woman is speaking. 
a metal object is being used as a welding torch. 
a metal object is being used as an electrical source. 
a metal object is being struck with a metal rod. 
a metal object is being used as a welding torch 
an electrical source is being used. 
a machine is revving up and revving down. 
a machine is running and revving up and down. 
a machine is revving up and revving down 
a machine is being used to cut wood. 
a machine is running and revving up. 
a car is passing by on a busy road. 
a car is passing by on a highway. 
a car is passing by on the road. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
a car is passing by on a road. 
birds chirping and calling in the background. 
a bird calls and a crow chirps. 
birds chirping and calling in the background 
birds chirping and calling. 
a bird calls loudly while a crow calls. 
a low rumble is heard as it is processed and processed. 
a low rumble is heard as it is processed. 
a low rumble is heard as it is processed and amplified. 
a low rumble is being played and processed. 
a low rumble is heard as it is played. 
a person is digging a hole with a shovel. 
someone is digging a hole with a shovel. 
a person is digging a hole in the ground. 
someone is digging a hole in the ground. 
a person is digging a hole with a shovel and a shovel. 
a person is walking in the woods and a bird is chirping in the background. 
a person is walking in the woods and a bird chirps in the background. 
a person is walking in the woods and a bird is chirping. 
a person is walking in the woods and a bird is chirping in the background 
a person is walking in the woods and a bird chirps. 
people are talking and laughing in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a crowd of people talking and laughing in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing in the distance. 
a washing machine is running in the background. 
a washing machine is running in the background while a car drives by. 
a washing machine is running in the background while a machine is running. 
a washing machine is running in the background while a person is washing. 
a washing machine is running in the background while a person is washing their hands. 
birds are chirping in the background as a helicopter flies overhead. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a helicopter flies by. 
water is pouring down a waterfall. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
water is rushing down a waterfall. 
water is pouring down a waterfall and a car is driving by. 
water is pouring down a waterfall and a person is talking. 
a person is speaking in the background. 
someone is talking in the background as they walk. 
someone is talking in the background as they walk through the forest. 
someone is talking in the background. 
someone is talking in the background as they walk through a forest. 
a group of people are talking in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a group of people are talking and laughing. 
a crowd of people is talking and laughing. 
a group of people are talking in the background while a bell rings. 
a motorcycle is driving by and a person is driving by. 
a motorcycle is driving by and then stops. 
a motorcycle is driving by and a person is talking to it. 
a motorcycle is driving by and a person is talking. 
a motorcycle is driving by and then stops and starts. 
birds are chirping and dogs are barking in the background. 
birds are chirping and dogs are barking. 
birds are chirping and dogs are barking in the distance. 
birds are chirping and a dog is barking. 
birds are chirping and dogs are barking in the background 
a bell rings and birds chirp in the background. 
a church bell rings and birds chirp in the background. 
a bell rings and birds chirp in the distance. 
a bell is ringing and birds are chirping. 
a church bell rings and birds chirp in the distance. 
a metal door is opened and a door is opened. 
a door is opened and a door is opened. 
a metal door is opened and a door is closed. 
a door is opened and a door is closed. 
a door is opened and a machine is running. 
someone is tapping a glass of water with a wooden spoon. 
a person is tapping a glass of water with a wooden spoon. 
a person clinking a glass of water with a wooden spoon. 
a person clinking a glass of water with a wooden spoon 
someone is tapping a glass of water with a wooden spoon 
a train is passing by and a car is driving by. 
a train is passing by and a car is passing by. 
a train is passing by, and a car is driving by. 
a train is passing by, and a car is passing by. 
a train is passing by and a car drives by. 
a train is moving along a track. 
a train is moving at a steady pace. 
a train is passing through a tunnel. 
a train is moving at a steady pace, and a person is talking. 
a train is moving at a steady pace, and a person is speaking. 
rain is falling on the roof of a car. 
rain is falling on a plastic roof. 
rain is falling on the roof of a car as it drives by. 
rain is falling on the roof of a car and a person is speaking. 
rain is falling on the roof of a car and a person is talking. 
someone is walking on a creaky wooden floor. 
a person is walking on a creaky wooden floor. 
someone is walking on a creaky floor. 
a person is walking on a creaky floor. 
someone is walking on a creaky wooden floor 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
cars are passing by and people are speaking in the background. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background 
cars are passing by and people are talking. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the distance. 
someone is walking on a concrete surface. 
someone is walking on a wet pavement. 
someone is walking on a concrete sidewalk. 
someone is walking on a wet surface. 
someone is walking on a pavement with a person walking on it. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
someone is walking up and down a wooden floor. 
someone is walking on a carpet. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor with shoes on. 
someone is walking up and down a wooden floor 
a person is tapping on a metal surface. 
a person is pounding on a metal sheet. 
someone is tapping on a metal surface. 
someone is tapping on a metal sheet. 
a person is pounding on a metal metal sheet. 
a door is opened and a door is opened. 
people are talking in the background while a door is opened. 
a door is opened and a door is closed. 
people are talking in the background while a door opens. 
people are talking in the background as a door opens. 
the crackle of a vinyl record is playing in the background. 
a crackling noise is being made. 
the crackle of a vinyl record is being played. 
the crackle of a vinyl record is playing. 
a crackling noise is being played. 
people are talking in a crowded restaurant. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a crowded restaurant. 
a large crowd of people are talking in the background. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a restaurant. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a busy restaurant. 
a car engine is revving up and down. 
a car engine is revving up and down as it drives off. 
a car is driving on a highway. 
a person is driving on a highway. 
a car engine is revving up and down as it drives on a highway. 
water is pouring down a drain and splashing into a pool. 
water is flowing down a drain and splashing into a pool. 
water is pouring down a drain. 
water is splashing into a container. 
water is pouring down a stream. 
water is pouring down a waterfall. 
water is pouring down a waterfall and a bird chirps. 
water is flowing down a waterfall and a bird chirps. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
water is flowing in a river. 
a dog is barking in the background while a bird is chirping in the background. 
a dog is barking in the background as a bird chirps in the background. 
a dog is barking in the background as a bird chirps in the distance. 
a dog is barking in the background while a bird is chirping in the background 
a dog is barking in the background while a bird is chirping. 
water is flowing and splashing on rocks. 
water is flowing and splashing in the background. 
water is flowing over rocks and splashing. 
water is flowing over rocks and splashing on the ground. 
water is flowing and splashing. 
a group of people are chanting in the background. 
a group of people are chanting in unison. 
a group of people are chanting and singing. 
a group of people are singing and chanting. 
a group of people are singing and cheering. 
a cicada is chirping in the distance. 
cicadas are chirping in the background. 
a cicada is chirping in the background. 
cicadas are chirping in the distance. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they are chirping. 
a ticking clock is ticking. 
a clock is ticking. 
a clock is ticking loudly. 
a clock is ticking and a person is clicking. 
a clock is ticking and a person is making a clock sound. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background 
a synthesizer is playing and a synthesizer is playing. 
a synthesizer is playing in the background. 
a synthesizer is playing and a synthesizer is being played. 
a synthesizer is being played. 
a synthesizer is playing and a synthesizer is playing 
a loud noise is being made by a machine. 
a loud noise is being made by a computer. 
the noise of a machine is being played. 
a loud noise is being made. 
a loud noise is being made by a machine 
a train is passing by and a bell is ringing. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a train is passing and a bell is ringing. 
a train is passing and a bell rings. 
a train is passing by and the bells are ringing. 
a group of people are talking in the background. 
a large crowd of people are talking and cheering. 
a group of people are talking and cheering. 
a large crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a group of people are talking in the background while a man is talking. 
birds are chirping in the background as they are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as they are chirping. 
birds are chirping in the background while a dog is barking. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as they are chirping in the background 
wind is blowing in the background while a person is speaking. 
wind is blowing in the background while a person is talking. 
wind is blowing in the background while a microphone is playing. 
wind is blowing in the background while a person speaks. 
wind is blowing in the background as a person speaks. 
a crowd of people are talking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a car is passing by. 
a crowd of people are talking and talking. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a crowd of people are talking and talking in the background 
an engine is starting, running, and revving up. 
an engine is starting, running, and revving. 
an engine is starting, running, and stopping. 
an engine is starting up and running. 
an engine is starting and running. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car passes by. 
a series of sounds are being played. 
a series of sounds are being created. 
a series of sounds are being made. 
a series of sounds are being played and processed. 
an electronic instrument is playing a loop. 
applause in a large concert hall. 
applause in a concert hall. 
applause in a large concert hall 
applause in a small concert hall. 
applause in a large concert hall with a crowd of people. 
a group of people are shouting and cheering. 
a group of people are screaming and cheering. 
a group of people are shouting and laughing. 
a group of people are shouting and cheering as they run. 
a group of people are shouting and cheering as they run and run. 
a printer is printing. 
a printer is printing a series of letters. 
a printer is printing out a series of letters. 
a printer is printing out a number of letters. 
a printer is printing and printing. 
a person is rubbing a sheet of paper against a surface. 
a person is rubbing a sheet of paper against it. 
a person is rubbing a sheet of paper against a sheet of plastic. 
a person is rubbing a sheet of paper against a sheet. 
someone is rubbing a sheet of paper against it. 
wind is blowing in the background as a bird chirps in the background. 
wind is blowing in the background as a bird chirps in the distance. 
wind is blowing in the background as a bird chirps. 
wind is blowing in the background as a bird chirps in the background 
wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a dog chirps. 
birds are chirping and barking. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping loudly in the background. 
cricket chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background as they are chirping. 
a loud rumble is heard as a machine hums in the background. 
a loud rumble is heard as a machine hums. 
a loud rumble is heard as a piano plays. 
a loud buzzing sound is being made. 
a loud rumble is heard as a machine hums in the background 
a radio is being tuned to a different frequency. 
a radio is being tuned to a radio frequency. 
a radio is being tuned to a radio station. 
a radio is being tuned to a different frequency than the original. 
a radio is being tuned to a different frequency than the radio. 
an engine is running, and a machine is making a noise. 
an engine is running, and a machine is running. 
an engine is running, and the sound of the engine is being recorded. 
an engine is running, and a machine is making a sound. 
an engine is running, and the sound of the engine is coming from the outside. 
a machine is making noises in the background. 
a machine is making sounds in the background. 
a machine is making noises in the background as it moves. 
a machine is making noises in the background as it makes a noise. 
a machine is making noises in the background 
birds are chirping and cars are passing by. 
birds chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
birds chirping in the background while cars pass by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
birds chirping in the background while cars drive by 
birds chirping in the background while a bird chirps in the background. 
birds chirping in the background as a bird chirps in the background. 
birds chirping in the background while a bird chirps in the foreground. 
birds chirping in the background. 
birds chirping in the background while a bird chirps in the background 
a knife is being sharpened against a metal surface. 
a knife is being sharpened against a metal object. 
a knife is sharpened against a metal surface. 
someone is sharpening a knife against a metal surface. 
a knife is being sharpened against a surface. 
a person is throwing a brick into the ground. 
an object is being hit with a brick. 
a person is throwing a brick at the ground. 
a person is throwing a brick at a wall. 
a person is throwing a brick at a tree. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a train is passing by, and a bell rings. 
a train is passing by and a bell is ringing. 
a steam train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings 
a bulldozer is demolishing a building. 
a bulldozer is demolishing a piece of wood. 
a bulldozer is demolishing a pile of rubble. 
a bulldozer is demolishing a piece of concrete. 
a bulldozer is demolishing a building 
birds are chirping in the background and wind is blowing in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background and wind is blowing. 
a bird is chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background and wind is blowing in the background 
water is running from a faucet into a sink. 
water is running from a faucet into a bathtub. 
water is running from a faucet into the sink. 
water is running from a faucet into a drain. 
water is running in a bathtub. 
someone is brushing their teeth with a toothbrush. 
someone brushing their teeth with a toothbrush. 
someone is brushing their teeth with their teeth. 
someone brushing their teeth with their teeth. 
a person brushing their teeth with a toothbrush. 
a truck is idling, idling, and idling. 
a truck is idling and idling. 
a diesel engine is idling and idling. 
a tractor is idling and idling. 
a truck is idling, idling, and idling 
water is flowing through a stream and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is flowing through a stream and birds are chirping. 
water is flowing through a stream and birds are chirping in the distance. 
water is flowing through a stream and birds are chirping in the background 
a small stream is flowing in the background. 
wind is blowing and people are talking in the background. 
wind is blowing and people are talking. 
wind is blowing and people are talking in the distance. 
wind is blowing and the wind is blowing. 
wind is blowing and people are talking in the background 
music is playing in the background while strings are being played. 
music is playing in the background while strings are playing. 
music is being played with strings and strings. 
music is playing in the background as strings are being played. 
music is playing in the background as strings are played. 
someone is chopping vegetables on a plastic cutting board. 
a person is chopping vegetables on a plastic cutting board. 
someone is chopping vegetables on a plastic chopping board. 
a person is chopping vegetables on a plastic chopping board. 
someone is chopping vegetables on a cutting board. 
a chair is being moved on a hard surface. 
a chair is being pulled up on a hard surface. 
a chair is being moved on the floor. 
a chair is being moved on a tile floor. 
a chair is being moved on a hard surface 
white noise is playing in the background. 
white noise is playing in the background as it is being played. 
white noise is playing in the background 
white noise is playing in the background while a person is talking. 
white noise is playing in the background as it is being played 
someone is making a noise with their mouth. 
someone is breathing through their mouth. 
someone is breathing through their mouth 
someone is making a noise with their mouth 
someone is breathing through a mouth 
white noise is playing in the background. 
white noise is playing in the background as it is being played. 
white noise is playing in the background while a person is talking. 
white noise is playing in the background 
white noise is playing in the background as it is being played 
vehicle horns are honking in the background while people are speaking in the background. 
vehicle horns are honking in the background while people are talking in the background. 
a car horn is honking in the background. 
vehicle horns are honking in the background. 
a car horn is honking in the distance. 
toilet flushing and refilling 
toilet flushing and refilling. 
toilet flushing in a bathroom. 
toilet flushing and refilling with water 
toilet flushing and then refilling 
a whistle is whistling in the background. 
a kettle is whistling and a whistle is blowing. 
a whistle is whistling in the distance. 
a steam kettle is whistling and a whistle is whistling. 
a steam kettle is whistling and a whistle is blowing. 
a machine is running and scraping against a metal surface. 
a machine is running and scraping against a surface. 
a machine is running and clanging. 
a machine is running and clattering. 
a machine is running and scraping metal. 
white noise is playing in the background. 
white noise is playing in the background as it is being played. 
white noise is playing in the background while a person is talking. 
white noise is playing in the background 
white noise is playing in the background as it is being played 
a metal door is being opened and closed. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is being opened. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is closing. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is opening. 
a door is opening and closing, and a door is being opened. 
a sound is being processed and processed in audiovisual form. 
a sound is being processed and processed in audiovisual format. 
a sound is being processed and processed in audiovisual medium. 
a sound is being processed and processed in audacity. 
a sound is being processed and processed in audiovisual form 
a machine is being used to make a sound. 
a machine is being used to create a sound. 
a machine is being used to make sounds. 
a machine is making a sound. 
a computer is playing a sound. 
a door is being opened and closed. 
a door is opening and closing. 
a door is opened and a squeaky door is closed. 
a door is being opened and closed 
a door is opening and closing 
a train is arriving at a station. 
a train is passing by at a station. 
a train is arriving at a station and is passing by. 
a train is arriving at a station, and a person is speaking. 
a train is arriving at a station, and a person is talking. 
a coffee machine is being used to grind coffee. 
a coffee machine is being used to grind coffee 
a coffee machine is grinding coffee. 
a coffee machine is being used. 
a coffee machine is being used to make coffee. 
cicadas are chirping in the distance. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they are chirping in the background. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they are chirping in the distance. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they are chirping. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as a wind blows. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 20 mph. 
a train is passing by and a horn is sounded. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 30 mph. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 10 mph. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 5 mph. 
a person is walking down the street and a car is driving by. 
a person is walking on a metal surface. 
a person is walking on a metal surface with a hammer. 
a person is walking on a metal surface with a metal object. 
a person is walking down the street with a hammer and a shovel. 
ducks are quacking and birds are chirping in the background. 
ducks are quacking and birds are chirping. 
ducks are quacking and birds are chirping in the distance. 
ducks are quacking and birds are chirping in the background 
ducks are quacking and birds are chirping 
cars are accelerating and revving their engines. 
cars are accelerating and revving up at a high speed. 
cars are accelerating and revving up at a high rate. 
cars are accelerating and revving up. 
cars are accelerating and revving their engines 
water is being poured into a pan. 
water is being poured onto a hot surface. 
water is being poured into a pan and then being poured into a pan. 
water is being poured into a pan and then poured into a pan. 
water is being poured into a pan 
a bird chirps loudly in the background. 
a bird chirps loudly in the background as it chirps in the background. 
a bird chirps loudly in the background as it chirps. 
a bird chirps in the background. 
a bird chirps loudly in the background while a car drives by. 
a flock of geese flying overhead. 
a flock of geese is flying overhead. 
a flock of geese flying over a lake. 
a flock of geese is flying over a lake. 
a flock of geese flying over a lake 
a bullet hits a metal surface 
a metal pipe hits a metal surface. 
a metal pipe hits a concrete floor 
a metal pipe hits a metal surface 
a metal pipe hits a concrete floor and then a metal pipe hits a concrete floor. 
a drum is being played on a hard surface. 
a drum is being played on a table. 
a drum is being played on a wooden table. 
a drum is being played on a desk. 
a man is tapping on a table. 
water is splashing through a puddle of water. 
water is splashing into a puddle of water. 
water is splashing in the background as a person walks in the background. 
water is splashing into a puddle. 
water is splashing through a puddle of water 
someone is walking on a hard surface. 
someone is walking on a wooden surface. 
a person is walking on a hard surface. 
a person is walking on a wooden surface. 
a person is walking on a hard surface with a shoe on. 
a washing machine is running at a steady rate. 
a washing machine is running at a steady speed. 
a washing machine is running at a steady pace. 
a washing machine is running at a constant rate. 
a washing machine is running at a constant speed. 
water is pouring down a waterfall. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
water is rushing down a waterfall. 
water is flowing down a waterfall and a car is driving by. 
water is pouring down a waterfall and a car is driving by. 
a small wooden wind chime is being played. 
a small wind chime is being played. 
a small wooden wind chime is being recorded. 
a small wooden wind chime is clanking loudly. 
a small wooden wind chime is being played 
the wind is blowing hard and heavy. 
the wind is blowing hard at a high speed. 
wind is blowing at a high speed. 
the wind is blowing hard at a high rate. 
wind is blowing at a high rate. 
sheep bleating loudly in the background while a man speaks in the background. 
sheep bleating loudly in the background. 
sheep bleating loudly in a farm field. 
sheep bleating loudly in the background while a man speaks. 
sheep bleating loudly in the background while a man speaks in the background 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling and birds chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background 
rain falls and birds chirp in the background. 
scissors are being used to cut a piece of paper. 
scissors are being used to cut paper. 
a piece of paper is being cut and scraped. 
a piece of paper is being torn and scraped. 
scissors are being used to cut a piece of paper 
a shower is running and the water is running. 
a shower is running and the water is flowing. 
water is running in a sink. 
a shower is running and the water is dripping. 
a shower is running and the water runs. 
keys are being dropped on a hard surface. 
keys are being dropped on the floor. 
keys are being dropped on a hard surface 
keys are being dropped on the floor, and a person is hitting them with a hammer. 
keys are being dropped on the floor, and a person is hitting them. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the foreground. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the distance. 
an engine is running and a person is talking in the background. 
an engine is running, and a person is talking in the background. 
an engine is running and a person is talking. 
an engine is running, and a person is talking. 
an engine is idling and running. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking in a crowded area. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a crowd of people are talking and talking in a crowded area. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing in a crowded area. 
rain is falling on the roof of a car. 
rain is hitting the roof of a car. 
rain is falling on the roof of a house. 
rain is hitting the roof of a house. 
rain is hitting the roof of a car 
a man is speaking with a microphone. 
a man is speaking with a microphone and a microphone. 
a man is speaking in a voice that sounds like a man. 
a man is speaking in a voice that sounds like someone is talking. 
a man is speaking in a voice that sounds like someone is talking to a robot. 
water is splashing on a shoreline and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is splashing on a shoreline and birds are chirping. 
water is splashing on a shoreline. 
water is splashing on the shore. 
water is splashing on a shoreline and birds are chirping in the background 
a computer is playing a soundscape. 
a soundscape is being created. 
a soundscape is being created with various effects. 
a soundscape is being created with a computer. 
a computer is playing a soundscape that is very loud. 
cars are passing by on a busy highway. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on the highway. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background 
a train is passing by in the background. 
a train is passing by in the distance. 
several birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
several birds chirping in the background. 
several birds are chirping in the distance. 
several birds chirping in the background 
a glass of water is being poured into a glass. 
a glass of water is poured into a glass. 
a glass of water is being poured into a glass 
a glass is being poured into a glass. 
someone is pouring a drink into a glass. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background 
rain is falling and thunder is coming in. 
people are talking in the background and a man is speaking in the background. 
people are talking in the background and a man is speaking. 
people are talking in the background as they walk by. 
people are talking in the background while a man is speaking. 
people are talking in the background while a man speaks. 
water is being poured into a plastic container. 
water is being poured into a container. 
water is being poured into a pot and then the water is poured into the pot. 
water is being poured into a pot and then the water is being poured into the pot. 
water is being poured into a pot and then the water is poured into the pot 
a person is walking on a wooden floor. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
a person is walking on a concrete floor. 
someone is walking on a concrete floor. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor with a wooden door. 
birds are chirping and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and birds are chirping in the background 
water is flowing in the water. 
water is moving in the water. 
water is flowing in the water and bubbles are being created. 
water is flowing in a shallow water. 
water is flowing in the water and a boat is moving. 
a car door is opening and closing. 
a car door is opening and closing 
a car door is opening and closing with a creaking sound. 
a car door is opening and closing with a squeak. 
a car door opening and closing 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
someone is opening and closing a wooden door. 
a wooden object is being pushed against a wall. 
someone is opening and closing a door 
someone is opening and closing a wooden door 
a person is clanking a glass with a spoon. 
a person clinking a glass with a spoon. 
a person clinking a glass with a spoon 
a person is clanking a glass with a spoon 
a person is clanking a spoon together. 
a large horn is blowing and a person is speaking. 
an electric horn is blowing and a person is speaking. 
a large horn is blowing and a person is making a sound. 
a large horn is blowing and a person is making a loud noise. 
a large horn is blowing and a person is talking. 
someone is flipping through a book. 
a person is flipping through a book. 
someone is turning pages of a book. 
someone is flipping through a book 
a person is flipping through a book 
people are talking and typing in a computer. 
people are talking in the background while a computer is being used. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a computer is running. 
people are talking in the background as a computer is being used. 
many birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is driving. 
a singing bowl is struck with a soft mallet. 
tibetan singing bowl being struck with a soft mallet. 
tibetan singing bowl is struck with a wooden mallet. 
a singing bowl is struck with a wooden mallet. 
tibetan singing bowl being struck with a wooden mallet. 
rain is falling from a roof as it drips. 
rain is falling from a roof as it drips into the ground. 
rain is falling from a roof as it drips down. 
rain is falling from a roof as it falls. 
rain is falling from a roof as it drips into a pool. 
a swarm of bees is buzzing around a flower. 
a swarm of bees buzzing in the background. 
a swarm of bees buzzing around a flower. 
a swarm of bees are buzzing around a flower. 
a swarm of bees is buzzing around the hive. 
a machine is working in a factory. 
a machine is working in the background. 
a machine is working in the background while a person speaks. 
a machine is working in the background while a person is talking. 
a machine is working in a factory 
a sound is being made with a synthesizer. 
a loud noise is being made. 
a sound is being made with a synthesizer and a filter. 
a loud noise is being made and processed. 
a sound is being made with a synthesizer 
a man is chanting a prayer in the background. 
a man is singing a prayer in the background. 
a man is chanting a prayer in the distance. 
a man is singing a prayer in the distance. 
a man is chanting a prayer. 
glass bottles are shuffled and clinked together. 
glass bottles are being shuffled and clinked together. 
glass bottles are being shuffled on a table. 
glass bottles are being shuffled and clinking together. 
glass bottles are clinking together and clinking together. 
fireworks are exploding in the distance. 
fireworks are exploding in the distance as people talk in the background. 
fireworks are exploding in the distance as people are talking in the background. 
fireworks are exploding in the distance as people are talking in the distance. 
fireworks are exploding in the distance as people talk in the distance. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and seagulls are squawking. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping. 
water is flowing and seagulls are making noise. 
water is flowing and seagulls are calling. 
a steam engine is starting and a whistle is blowing. 
a steam engine is starting up and a whistle is blowing. 
a steam engine is starting and a whistle is coming from the engine. 
a steam engine is starting up, and a whistle is blowing. 
a steam engine is starting up and a whistle blows. 
a piece of paper is being ripped. 
a piece of paper is being ripped and torn. 
paper is being ripped and torn. 
a piece of paper is being ripped apart. 
a piece of paper is being ripped apart and then torn apart. 
a car is driving on a gravel road. 
a car is driving on a rough road. 
a car is driving on a rough surface. 
a vehicle is driving on a rough road. 
a vehicle is driving on a rough surface. 
horror ambience is present in the background. 
horror ambience with a metallic sound. 
horror ambience is present in the background and a metallic sound is present. 
a metallic sound is being played. 
horror ambience with a metallic tone. 
someone is walking on leaves and crunching them. 
a person is walking on leaves and crunching them. 
a person is walking on leaves. 
a person is walking through leaves and leaves. 
leaves rustling in the wind 
someone is hitting a metal object with a metal rod. 
a person is hitting a metal object with a metal rod. 
a metal object is being hit with a metal rod. 
someone is hitting a metal object with a wooden stick. 
a metal object is hit with a metal rod. 
thunder is clapping, and rain is falling. 
thunder is clapping in the distance as rain falls. 
thunder is clapping in the distance, and rain is falling. 
thunder is clapping in the background as rain falls. 
thunder is clapping, and rain is falling 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping and insects are chirping. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping 
water is running in a shower. 
a shower is turned on and off. 
a shower is turned on and the water is running. 
a shower is turned on and the water runs. 
a shower is turned on and off, and water is running. 
a train is running in the background while people are talking in the background. 
a train is running in the background while people talk in the background. 
a train is running in the background. 
a train is passing through a tunnel. 
a train is running in the background while people are talking in the background 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a train is passing by and people talk in the background. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background 
a train is passing through a tunnel. 
a machine is running and a person is talking in the background. 
a machine is running and a door is opened. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a machine is running and a door is open. 
a machine is running and a door is opening. 
a train is passing by at a station. 
a train is passing by with a loud whistle. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 20 mph. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 10 mph. 
a train is passing by at a station 
birds are chirping in the background as the wind blows. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is passing by 
air raid sirens are sounding in the distance. 
air raid sirens are sounding in the background. 
a siren is sounding in the distance. 
a siren is sounding in the background. 
air raid sirens are sounding in the distance as they are being tested. 
a guitar is playing and a drum is playing. 
a guitar is playing and a drum is being played. 
a guitar is playing a melody. 
a guitar is playing and a drum is playing 
a guitar is playing a loop. 
wind is blowing in the background while a machine hums in the background. 
wind is blowing in the background as a machine hums. 
wind is blowing in the background while a machine hums. 
wind is blowing in the background while a machine hums in the background 
wind is blowing in the background as the wind blows. 
an aircraft is taking off and passing by. 
an airplane is taking off and passing by. 
an airplane is taking off. 
an aircraft is taking off. 
an aircraft is taking off and passing overhead. 
cicadas are chirping and calling in the background. 
cicadas are chirping and calling in the distance. 
cicadas are chirping in the distance. 
cicadas are chirping in the background. 
cicadas are chirping in the forest. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background as a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background while a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background as they walk by. 
people are talking in the background while a car is driving by. 
water is dripping into a sink. 
water is dripping into a drain. 
water drips into a sink and then drips into a drain. 
water drips into a sink and then drips into a container. 
water drips into a sink and then flows into a drain. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as they chirp in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as they chirp. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as they fly by. 
water is running down a drain and splashing into a bucket. 
water is running down a drain and splashing into a sink. 
water is pouring into a sink. 
water is pouring into a sink and splashing into a bucket. 
water is running down a drain and splashing into a container. 
a door is being opened and closed. 
a car door is opened and closed. 
a door is opening and closing. 
a door is opened and closed. 
a car door is opened and closes. 
a person is opening and closing a book. 
someone is opening and closing a book. 
a person is opening and closing a bag of clothes. 
a person is opening and closing a box of books. 
a person is opening and closing a bag. 
rain is falling and thunder is clapping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is clapping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is clapping. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming. 
a microwave is beeping and the door is opened. 
a microwave is beeping and then beeping again. 
a microwave is beeping and beeping. 
a microwave is beeping and beeping while a door is opened and closed. 
a microwave is beeping and beeping while a door is opened. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes. 
a machine is running in the background while people are talking in the background. 
a machine is running in the background while people talk in the background. 
a machine is running in the background. 
a machine is running in the background while people are talking in the background 
a machine is running in a factory. 
a car is driving on a rough road. 
a car is driving on a gravel road. 
a car is driving on a highway. 
a car is driving on the road. 
a car is driving on a road. 
a truck is passing by and a person is talking in the background. 
a truck is passing by and a car is passing by. 
a truck is passing by while a car drives by. 
a truck is passing by and a person is talking. 
a truck is passing by and the engine is running. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and crowing in the background. 
birds are chirping and crowing. 
birds are chirping in the background while a rooster is chirping. 
birds are chirping in the background as a rooster crows. 
birds are chirping and crowing in the background 
a saw is being used to cut a piece of wood. 
a person sawing a piece of wood with a saw. 
a person sawing a piece of wood. 
a saw is being used to cut wood. 
a hand saw is being used. 
people are talking in the background while a door is opened. 
people are talking in the background while a door opens. 
people are talking in the background while a door is opened and a door is opened. 
people are talking in the background while a door opens and a door closes. 
people are talking in the background as a door opens. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by 
water is bubbling in a creek and birds chirping in the background. 
water is bubbling in a creek and birds chirping in the distance. 
water is bubbling in a creek and birds chirping in the background 
water is bubbling in a creek and birds chirping. 
water is bubbling in a creek. 
a helicopter is flying overhead. 
a helicopter is flying overhead and landing. 
an airplane is flying overhead. 
a jet engine is starting up, and then it is stopped. 
a jet engine is starting up, and then the engine is stopped. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a woman speaks in the background. 
a group of people are talking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a woman speaks. 
a group of people are talking and talking. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper with a pen. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper with a pencil. 
someone is writing on a paper with a pen. 
someone is writing on a paper with a pencil. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
water is flowing through a waterfall. 
water is flowing through a large stream. 
water is flowing through a large waterfall. 
water is flowing through a large stream and a large waterfall. 
birds are chirping in the forest. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
a man speaking to a group of people in the background. 
a man is speaking and a woman is speaking. 
a man speaking to a group of people. 
a man is speaking while a woman is talking. 
a man is speaking in the background. 
waves are crashing on a sandy beach. 
ocean waves are crashing on a sandy beach. 
ocean waves are crashing on the beach. 
ocean waves are crashing against the shore. 
ocean waves are crashing on a sandy beach 
a metal door is being opened and closed. 
a door is being opened and closed. 
someone is opening and closing a metal door. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
a metal door is being opened and closed 
birds are chirping in the background and wind is blowing in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background and wind is blowing in the distance. 
birds chirping in the background as a wind blows in the distance. 
birds chirping in the background as a wind blows in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background and wind is blowing. 
water is flowing in a stream. 
water is flowing in a creek. 
water is flowing in a shallow stream. 
water is flowing down a stream. 
water is flowing in a stream and a small creek is flowing. 
people are shuffling around in a pile of junk. 
people are shuffling through a pile of junk. 
items are being moved around in a pile. 
people are shuffling around a pile of junk. 
people are shuffling through a pile of cardboard. 
an announcement is made at the end of a train. 
an announcement is made at the end of a train, followed by a woman speaking in the background. 
an announcement is made at the end of a long train ride. 
an announcement is made in the background. 
an announcement is made at the end of a train, followed by a woman speaking. 
a plane is taking off and landing at a high rate of speed. 
an airplane is taking off. 
a plane is taking off and landing. 
a plane is taking off and landing at a high speed. 
a plane is taking off and landing at a very high speed. 
an announcement is made at a train station. 
an announcement is made in the background. 
an announcement is made at a station. 
an announcement is being made at a station. 
an announcement is made at a train station and then a person is speaking. 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is driving by. 
a vehicle is passing by with its siren blaring. 
a police car is passing by with its siren blaring. 
a vehicle is passing by with a siren. 
a police car is passing by with its siren. 
a vehicle is passing by with a siren 
rain is falling on a metal surface. 
rain is falling on a metal surface and hitting a metal surface. 
rain falling on a metal surface. 
rain is falling on a metal surface and hitting the metal surface. 
rain falling on a metal surface 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background and traffic is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in trees. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing. 
birds are chirping in the background 
birds chirping in the background 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the distance. 
a train is passing by as it passes by. 
a train is passing by and a horn blares. 
a train is passing by as it passes. 
a train is passing by as it passes by 
a train is passing by and a horn blares 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
traffic is passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
a car is passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy street 
rain is falling on the ground and birds are chirping in the background. 
rain is falling on the ground and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling on the ground and birds chirping in the background. 
rain is falling on the ground and birds are chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling on the ground and birds are chirping in the background 
a metal object is being placed on a table. 
a person is opening and closing a metal object. 
a metal object is being placed on a metal surface. 
a metal object is being placed on a surface. 
a metal object is being placed on a table and then dropped. 
a metal object is placed on a hard surface. 
a metal object is placed on a wooden table. 
someone is placing a glass on a table. 
someone is placing a glass on a table and then putting it down. 
a metal object is placed on a hard surface and then placed on a wooden table. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper. 
someone is scribbling on a piece of paper. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper with a pencil. 
a person is writing on a piece of paper. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper with a pen. 
a metal bowl is struck with a metal rod. 
a metal bell is struck with a tuning fork. 
a metal bell is struck with a metal rod. 
a bell is struck with a metal rod. 
a bell is struck with a tuning fork. 
meat is sizzling on a hot pan. 
meat is sizzling on a hot pan as it cooks. 
meat is sizzling on a hot pan as it is being cooked. 
meat is sizzling on a hot pan as it is cooked. 
meat is sizzling on a hot pan 
a group of people are playing drums and chanting in the background. 
a group of people are playing drums and chanting. 
a group of people are talking and chanting. 
a crowd of people are chanting and cheering. 
a group of people are playing drums and marching. 
toilet flushing and emptying 
toilet flushing and filling 
water is being poured into a sink. 
water is being poured into a bucket and then being flushed. 
water is being poured into a bucket and then the water is splashed. 
a toilet is flushing and refilling. 
a toilet is flushing and refilling with water. 
a toilet flushing and refilling. 
a toilet is flushing and refilling 
toilet flushing and refilling 
insects are chirping in the background as a bird chirps in the background. 
insects are chirping in the background while a bird chirps in the background. 
insects are chirping in the background while a bird is chirping in the background. 
insects are chirping in the background. 
insects are chirping in the background as a bird chirps. 
a person is breathing in and out of their mouth. 
a person is breathing in and out. 
a person is breathing in and out of a mouth. 
a person is breathing in and out of a microphone. 
a person is breathing in and out of their mouth 
a person is shaking a box of coins in a glass jar. 
a person is shaking a box of coins in a glass container. 
coins are being shaken in a glass container. 
a person is shaking a box of coins. 
someone is shaking a box of coins. 
wind is blowing at a steady rate and the wind is blowing at a steady rate. 
wind is blowing at a steady rate. 
wind is blowing at a steady rate and the wind is blowing. 
the wind blows against the rocks of a building. 
wind is blowing at a steady rate, and the wind is blowing. 
a train is passing by and a horn is ringing. 
a train is passing by and a bell is ringing. 
a train is passing by and a horn is blowing. 
a train is passing by and a horn is sounding. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a machine is running in the background while people are talking in the background. 
a machine is running in the background while people talk in the background. 
a machine is running in the background. 
a machine is running in the background while people are talking in the background 
a machine is running in the background while people are talking. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
cars are driving by and people are talking in the background. 
cars are passing by and people are talking. 
traffic is passing by and cars are driving by. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background and a dog is barking in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the distance. 
birds are chirping in the background and a dog is barking. 
birds are chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background 
a person is hitting a hard object on a hard surface. 
a person is hitting a hard object with a hard object. 
a person is hitting a hard object on the floor. 
a person is hitting a hard object on the ground. 
a person is hitting a hard object with their hands. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is opening. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is closing. 
a door is opening and closing, and a door is closing. 
a door is opening and closing. 
a door is opening and closing, and a door is opening. 
heavy rain is falling on the roof of a building. 
heavy rain is falling on the ground. 
heavy rain is falling on a concrete surface. 
heavy rain is falling on a concrete wall. 
heavy rain is falling on a roof. 
a vacuum cleaner is turned on and turned off. 
a vacuum cleaner is turned on and off. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used. 
a vacuum cleaner is turned on and turned off, and then the vacuum cleaner is turned on again. 
a vacuum cleaner is turned on and turned off, and then the vacuum cleaner is turned off. 
a refrigerator is running and humming in the background. 
a machine is running and humming in the background. 
a refrigerator is running and humming. 
a refrigerator is running and humming in the background 
a machine is running and humming in the background 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars and trucks are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by and people are talking. 
cars are passing by on a busy street 
water is being poured into a plastic container. 
someone is shaking a bottle of water. 
water is being poured into a plastic bottle. 
water is being poured into a bottle. 
water is being poured into a plastic container 
someone is blowing bubbles through a straw into a water bottle. 
someone is blowing bubbles into a straw. 
someone is blowing bubbles through a straw. 
bubbles are being blown through a straw into a water bottle. 
someone is blowing bubbles through a straw into a water bottle 
water is dripping from a faucet into a sink. 
water dripping from a faucet into a sink. 
water is dripping from a faucet. 
water dripping from a faucet into a sink 
water dripping from a faucet. 
meat is sizzling and sizzling in a frying pan. 
meat is sizzling and sizzling in a pan. 
meat is sizzling in a frying pan. 
meat is sizzling and sizzling in a skillet. 
meat is sizzling and sizzling in a frying pan 
a squeaky door is opening and closing. 
a squeaky door is being opened and closed. 
a squeaky door is opening and closing slowly. 
a squeaky door is opened and closed. 
a door is squeaking loudly. 
a roll of dice is being rolled on a hard surface. 
a roll of dice is being rolled on a wooden floor. 
something is falling on a hard surface. 
a ball is dropped on a hard surface. 
a roll of dice is being rolled on a hard surface 
a person is walking on a gravel surface. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
a person is walking on a pile of leaves. 
a person is walking on gravel. 
a person is walking on a pile of leaves and then crumpling them. 
coins are rustling in a pile of coins. 
coins are rustling in a pile. 
coins are rustling in the wind. 
coins rustling in the wind 
coins rustling in a pile 
a train is arriving at a station. 
a train is arriving at the station. 
a train is arriving at a station and stops. 
a train is arriving at a station 
a train is arriving at a station and is stopped. 
a car is starting and driving on a rough road. 
a car is starting, driving, and stopping. 
a car is starting and driving on a rough surface. 
a car is starting and driving on the highway. 
a car is driving on a rough road. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background 
rain is falling and thunder is falling. 
a train is passing through a tunnel. 
a train is passing through the station. 
a train is coming and going at a rapid pace. 
a train is coming and going at a rapid rate. 
a train is passing through a tunnel 
wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
the wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the background while a car engine is running. 
wind is blowing in the background while a car is driving. 
the wind is blowing in the background. 
a car engine is running and the wind is blowing in the background. 
a car engine is running and the wind is blowing. 
a car engine is running and the wind is blowing in the distance. 
a car engine is running and the wind is blowing in the background 
a car engine is running and a horn is sounding. 
people are cheering and clapping. 
a crowd is cheering and clapping. 
a crowd cheers and claps as a bell rings. 
a crowd cheers and claps loudly. 
a crowd cheers and claps loudly as a bell rings. 
a machine is turning on and off. 
a car engine is turning on and off. 
an engine is turning on and off. 
a machine is turning on and off 
a machine is turning on and off, and then the engine starts. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the distance. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping 
rain is falling on an umbrella and birds are chirping in the background. 
rain is falling on an umbrella and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling on an umbrella and birds are chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling on an umbrella and birds are chirping in the background 
rain is falling on an umbrella. 
traffic is passing by on a busy street. 
traffic is passing by on a busy road. 
traffic is passing by on a busy highway. 
cars are passing by in the background. 
traffic is passing by on a busy street 
water is dripping into a metal sink. 
water is dripping into a sink. 
water dripping into a sink. 
water dripping into a metal sink 
water dripping into a sink 
a person is walking on a beach. 
someone is walking on a beach. 
a person is walking on the beach. 
a person is walking on a gravel surface. 
a person is walking on a beach with a person walking on a beach. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a crowd of children and adults are chatting and laughing. 
a crowd of children and adults are talking and laughing. 
a crowd of people are chatting and laughing. 
a crowd of children are chatting and laughing. 
crickets are chirping and crickets are chirping. 
crickets are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping and crickets are chirping in the distance. 
crickets are chirping and crickets are chirping 
crickets are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background 
a bag of chips is being crumpled and crumpled. 
a plastic bag is being opened and crumpled. 
a bag of chips is being crumpled. 
a bag of chips is being crumpled and crinkled. 
a piece of plastic is being crumpled. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a crowded room. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a large room. 
a large crowd of people talking in a large room. 
a large crowd of people talking in a crowded room. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a room. 
someone is making a sound that sounds like it is coming from a boat. 
someone is making a sound that sounds like it is coming out of a volcano. 
someone is making a sound that sounds like it is coming out of a boat. 
someone is making a sound that sounds like an underwater creature. 
someone is making a sound that sounds like it is coming out of a volcano 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background 
heavy rain is falling on the ground. 
a diesel engine is ticking over. 
an engine is ticking over. 
a diesel engine is ticking over and tickover. 
a diesel engine is ticking over 
a diesel engine is ticking over and tickover 
an engine is starting, running, and idling. 
an engine is starting, running, and revving up. 
an engine is starting, running, and revving. 
an engine is running and idling. 
an engine is starting up and running. 
water is being poured into a glass. 
water is being poured into a glass of water. 
water is pouring into a glass of water. 
water is pouring into a glass. 
water is being poured into a glass of water 
water is running down a drain and a person is talking in the background. 
water is running down a drain and a door is open. 
water is running down a drain and a person is talking. 
water is running down a drain and a person is talking in the background 
water is running down a drain and a person is speaking. 
water drips into a sink and then drops into a bucket. 
water drips into a sink and drops into a bucket. 
water drips into a sink and then drops into the sink. 
water dripping into a sink 
water is dripping into a sink and then falling down. 
a metal object is being pushed against a hard surface. 
someone is opening and closing a metal container. 
a metal object is being pushed against a metal surface. 
a metal object is being dropped on a table. 
someone is opening and closing a metal object. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
a person is walking on a gravel surface. 
someone is walking on a gravel path. 
someone is walking on the snow. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface 
a paper bag is being crumpled and crumpled. 
paper is being crumpled and crumpled. 
someone is crumpling a paper bag. 
someone is crumpling up a paper bag. 
a paper bag is being crumpled and crumpled 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
birds are chirping in the background while people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the distance. 
a machine is being turned on and off. 
a machine is being turned on and off, and a person is walking in the background. 
a machine is being turned on and off, and a person is making a noise. 
a machine is being turned on and off, and a person is walking and talking. 
a machine is being turned on and off, and a person is walking around. 
a metal object is being dragged along a metal fence. 
a metallic object is hitting a metal object. 
a metal object is hitting a metal object. 
a metal object is being pulled on a metal fence. 
a metal object is being dragged along a wire. 
a person is speaking in the background. 
a man is speaking in the background. 
a person is speaking in the background while a person is speaking in the background. 
a person is speaking in the background as they speak. 
a person is speaking in the background while a person is speaking. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
cars are honking and people are talking in the background. 
cars are passing by and people are talking. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background 
cars are honking and people are talking. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the distance. 
someone is walking on a gravel path. 
a person is walking on a gravel path. 
a person is walking on a gravel path with a bird chirping in the background. 
someone is walking on a gravel road. 
a person is walking on a gravel road. 
toilet flushing and refilling 
toilet flushing and refilling. 
toilet flushing and filling the tank. 
toilet flushing and filling with water 
toilet flushing and refilling with water 
a car is driving on a bumpy road. 
a car is driving on a dirt road. 
a car is driving on a bumpy surface. 
a car is driving on a rough road. 
a car is driving on a bumpy road and a person is driving. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used to clean a room. 
a vacuum cleaner is operating. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used to clean up a room. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used to clean a room 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy highway. 
cars are passing by in the distance. 
cars are passing by on a busy street 
a group of people are cheering and clapping. 
a group of people applauding and clapping. 
a group of people are clapping and cheering. 
people are cheering and clapping. 
people are clapping and cheering. 
paper is being shuffled in the background. 
paper is being shuffled across a table. 
paper is being shuffled across the table. 
paper is being shuffled across the floor. 
paper is being shuffled in the background 
a train is arriving at a station. 
a train is arriving at the station. 
a train is arriving at a station and stops. 
a train is arriving at a station and stops at the station. 
a train is arriving at a station and stops at a station. 
a large metal door is creaking and creaking. 
a large metal door is creaking with creaking. 
a large metal door is squeaking loudly. 
a large metal door is squeaking. 
a large metal door is creaking. 
traffic is passing by on a busy road. 
traffic is passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
people are talking in the background while a machine hums in the background. 
people are talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a machine hums. 
people are talking in the background as a machine hums. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
rain is pouring down from the sky as a car drives by. 
rain is pouring down from the sky as the wind blows. 
rain is pouring down from the sky. 
rain is pouring down from the sky as a car passes by. 
rain is pouring down from the sky as a car drives past. 
a machine is turning on and off. 
a machine is turning on and off as it runs. 
a machine is turning on and off, and then stops. 
a machine is turning on and off, then stops. 
a machine is turning on and off as it is being used. 
someone is writing on paper with a pencil. 
someone is writing with a pencil on paper. 
a person is writing on paper with a pencil. 
someone is writing on paper with a marker. 
someone is writing with a pencil. 
a diesel engine is idling and idling. 
a truck is idling and idling. 
an engine is idling and idling. 
a small engine is idling and idling. 
a diesel engine is idling and idling 
crickets are chirping in the background as the wind blows. 
crickets are chirping in the background as the wind blows in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background as a wind blows. 
crickets are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
crickets chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
water is running into a sink. 
water is running in a sink. 
water is running into a sink and dripping down the drain. 
water is running into a sink and dripping into a sink. 
water is running into a sink and dripping. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
the birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a helicopter flies overhead. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is driving by. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is falling. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background 
water dripping onto a metal surface. 
water dripping onto a metal surface 
water is dripping into a sink. 
water dripping into a plastic container. 
water dripping into a sink 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background 
rain is falling and thunder is hitting the roof. 
a growling growl from a growling animal. 
a growling growl from a human voice. 
a growling growl is being made. 
a growling growl from a growl. 
a growling growl from a growling animal 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing. 
wind is blowing and the wind is blowing. 
the wind is blowing and the water is splashing. 
the wind is blowing, and the wind is blowing. 
the wind is blowing and the water is flowing. 
someone is pouring water into a container. 
someone is pouring water into a container and then emptying it. 
a person is pouring water into a container. 
someone is pouring water into a cup and then emptying it. 
a person is pouring water into a container and then emptying it. 
someone opens a door and opens it. 
someone opens a door and closes it. 
a person opens a door and opens it. 
someone opens a door and opens a door. 
a person opens a door and opens a door. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping. 
water is flowing and birds chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the distance. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the background 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a group of people are talking and laughing. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing in the background. 
a crowd of people is talking and laughing. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing in the background 
a person is cutting a piece of wood with a knife. 
a person is cutting a piece of wood with a saw. 
someone is cutting a piece of wood with a knife. 
a person is cutting wood with a knife. 
a person is cutting a piece of wood. 
a freight train is passing by. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a train is passing by and a bell is ringing. 
a train is passing by and a whistle is blowing. 
a train is passing by, and a bell rings. 
a machine is running while people are talking in the background. 
a machine is running while people talk in the background. 
a machine is running in the background. 
a machine is running while people are talking in the background 
a machine is running while people are talking. 
a person is opening and closing a door and opening and closing it. 
a person is opening and closing a door. 
a person is opening and closing a door and then opening and closing it. 
a person is opening and closing a door and opening it. 
a person opens and closes a door and opens it. 
rain is falling on a metal roof. 
rain is falling on the roof of a car. 
rain is falling on the roof of a window. 
rain is falling on the roof of a house. 
rain is falling on a plastic roof. 
a machine is turning on and off. 
a machine is turning on and off, and a door is opening and closing. 
a machine is turning on and off, and a door is opening. 
a machine is turning on and off, and a door is opened. 
a machine is turning on and off, and a door opens. 
a motorcycle is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a motorcycle is passing by and people are talking. 
a motorcycle is passing by and people are talking in the background 
a motorcycle is revving up and revving down. 
a motorcycle is passing by and people are talking and laughing. 
crickets are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping and crickets are chirping. 
crickets are chirping and crickets are chirping in the distance. 
crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background 
water is flowing in a stream. 
water is flowing down a stream. 
water is flowing in a stream and a car is driving by. 
water is flowing down a stream and a car is driving by. 
water is flowing in a stream and a car is driving. 
music is playing and people are talking in the background. 
music is playing and people are talking. 
people are talking and music is playing. 
music is playing in the background while people are talking and laughing. 
music is playing and people are talking in the background 
a circular saw is being used to cut a piece of wood. 
a circular saw is being used to cut wood. 
an electric grinder is being used. 
a circular saw is being used to cut a piece of wood 
a circular saw is being used. 
a car is driving on a bumpy road. 
a car is driving on a bumpy road with rain falling on the windshield. 
rain is falling on the windshield of a car. 
rain is falling on the windshield of a car while driving. 
a car is driving on a highway. 
water is flowing down a stream. 
water is pouring down a waterfall. 
water is pouring down a stream. 
water is flowing in a stream. 
water is flowing down a stream and splashing into a pool. 
people are walking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a car is passing by. 
people are talking in the background as a car passes by. 
people are talking in the background as a train passes by. 
people are walking and talking in the background 
someone is playing a saxophone and a trumpet in the background. 
someone is playing a saxophone in the background. 
someone is playing a saxophone and a trumpet. 
someone is playing a trumpet in the background. 
someone is playing a saxophone and a trumpet in the background 
people are talking in the background while a man speaks in the background. 
people are talking and breathing in a room. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are speaking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a man speaks. 
someone is knocking on a door. 
someone is pounding on a wooden door. 
a person is pounding on a wooden table. 
a person is pounding on a wooden door. 
a person is pounding on a door. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping and a car is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in the background. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in the distance. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in the background 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
people are talking and cars are passing by. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the distance. 
cars are passing by and people are talking. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as water drips. 
birds are chirping in the background as water drips down. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is driving by 
a piano is playing and a violin is playing. 
an orchestra is playing and a piano is playing. 
a piano is playing and a violin is being played. 
an orchestra is tuning a tune. 
a piano is playing and a violin is playing 
a door is opening and closing. 
a wooden door is opening and closing. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is opening. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is closing. 
a door is being opened and closed. 
a train is passing by in the distance. 
a train is passing by on a railroad track. 
a train is passing by in the background. 
a train is passing by on the tracks. 
a train is passing by on a track. 
water is being poured into a plastic container. 
water is being poured into a can. 
water is being poured into a glass container. 
water is being poured into a bowl. 
water is being poured into a bowl and then a crackling sound occurs. 
people are talking in the background as a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background while a car is driving by. 
a person is typing on a computer while a car is driving by. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a car is driving. 
children are playing and yelling in the background. 
children are playing in a playground. 
children are playing and yelling in a playground. 
children are playing and shouting in a playground. 
children are playing and yelling in the background 
a metal gate is being opened and closed. 
a metal gate is being opened and closed with a metal latch. 
a metal gate is opened and closed. 
a metal gate is being opened and closed with a metal clang. 
a metal gate is opened and closed with a metal latch. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing heavily and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
the wind is blowing and birds chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing heavily and birds are chirping. 
wind is howling in the distance. 
wind is howling in the distance as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
wind is howling in the background. 
wind is howling in the distance as it blows. 
crickets are chirping and wind is blowing in the background. 
crickets are chirping and wind is blowing. 
crickets chirping in the background as wind blows in the background. 
crickets chirping in the background while wind is blowing. 
crickets chirping in the background as wind blows. 
a large number of birds are chirping in the background. 
a large number of birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
a large number of birds are chirping in the foreground. 
a large number of birds are chirping in the background 
someone is opening and closing a metal door. 
a metal door is being opened and closed. 
a metal door is being opened and closed with a squeak. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
a metal door is squeaking loudly. 
a radio is being played on the radio. 
a radio is being played on a radio station. 
a radio is being played on a radio. 
a radio is tuned to a radio station. 
a radio is being tuned to a radio station. 
coins are being shaken in a plastic container. 
coins are being moved around in a plastic container. 
coins are being shaken in a plastic jar. 
coins are being shaken in a plastic container 
coins are being shaken in a jar. 
a washing machine is being used. 
a washing machine is being used to clean up the washing machine. 
a washing machine is being used to clean up a pile of laundry. 
a washing machine is running. 
a washing machine is being used to clean up. 
an electric kettle is being used to boil water. 
an electric kettle is being used. 
an electric kettle is being heated. 
an electric kettle is being used to boil water 
an electric kettle is being used to boil water and then it is being turned off. 
electromagnetic noise is being emitted from an electronic device. 
electromagnetic interference is present in the background while a hum is present in the background. 
electromagnetic interference is present in the background. 
electromagnetic interference is present in the background while a hum is present. 
electromagnetic interference is present in the background while a hum is present in the background 
a drill is being used to drill a piece of wood. 
a tool is being used to drill a piece of wood. 
a drill is being used to drill a piece of metal. 
a drill is being used to drill into a piece of wood. 
a drill is being used to drill a piece of wood into a piece of wood. 
a large crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a large group of people are talking and laughing. 
a large group of people are talking in a crowded room. 
a large group of people are talking in a large room. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a crowded room. 
a piece of paper is being crumpled and crumpled. 
a piece of paper is being crumpled and crunched. 
a piece of paper is being crumpled in a pile. 
a piece of paper is being crumpled. 
a piece of paper is being crumpled and torn. 
a machine is running while a person is talking in the background. 
a machine is running while a person is talking. 
a machine is running while a person is talking in the background 
a machine is running while a person is talking in the foreground. 
a machine is running while a person is speaking. 
a dog is barking and birds are chirping in the background. 
a dog is barking and a bird is chirping in the background. 
a dog is barking and birds are chirping. 
a dog is barking and a bird is chirping. 
a dog chirps and a bird chirps. 
people are speaking in the background as they are talking in the background. 
a crowd of people are speaking in the background. 
people are speaking in the background while a bus passes by. 
people are speaking in the background while a vehicle drives by. 
people are speaking in the background while a bus is passing by. 
a crowd of people are talking and birds are chirping in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and birds are chirping. 
a crowd of people are talking and walking in the background. 
people are talking and walking in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and walking in a park. 
someone is walking on a hard surface. 
a person is walking on a hard surface. 
someone is walking in the snow. 
a person is walking in the snow. 
a person is walking on a hard surface and then walking on the snow. 
birds are chirping and calling in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a wind blows in the background. 
birds are chirping and calling in the background 
birds are chirping in the background as a wind blows. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and talking in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and talking. 
a crowd of people are chatting and talking. 
a crowd of people are talking and talking in the background 
wind is blowing and people are breathing. 
wind is blowing and a person is breathing. 
wind is blowing and a person is coughing. 
wind is blowing and someone is breathing. 
wind is blowing and someone is coughing. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background as a train passes by. 
people are talking in the background while a train is passing by. 
people are talking in the background while a train is passing. 
people are talking and talking in the background 
a radio is being played on the radio. 
a radio is being switched on and off. 
a radio is being played on a radio. 
a radio is being played on a radio station. 
a radio station is playing a radio station. 
someone is walking on a bridge. 
a person is walking on a bridge. 
a person is walking on a bridge and a car is driving by. 
a person is walking on a bridge and a car is passing by. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
water is splashing in a fountain. 
a fountain is splashing water in the background. 
water is splashing into a fountain. 
water is splashing into a pool. 
a fountain is splashing water in the distance. 
a metal can is being moved on a hard surface. 
a metal can is being dragged across a hard surface. 
a metal can is being moved on a concrete floor. 
a metal can is being dragged across a concrete floor. 
a person is dragging a metal plate across a concrete floor. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used to clean a piece of wood. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used to clean up debris. 
a machine is turning on and off. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used to clean a piece of wood 
an alarm clock is ringing and winding. 
an alarm clock is ringing and winding up. 
an old alarm clock is ringing. 
an old alarm clock is ringing and winding. 
a mechanical alarm clock is ringing and winding. 
water is being poured into a sink. 
water is pouring into a sink. 
water is being poured into a sink and then it is bubbling. 
water is being poured into a sink and then the water is being poured into a sink. 
water is being poured into a sink and then the water is poured into a sink. 
a group of people are talking and laughing. 
a large group of people are talking and laughing. 
a crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a large crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a group of people are chatting and laughing. 
smg sound perc shake 0490049073. sound 
smg sound perc shake 0490049074. sound 
smg sound perc shake 049004907. sound 
smg sound perc shake 049004901. sound 
smg sound perc shake 049004908. sound 
rain is pouring down onto a metal surface. 
rain is pouring down onto the surface of a metal surface. 
rain is pouring down onto a surface. 
water is flowing down a drain. 
rain is pouring down onto the surface of a rock. 
a metal spoon is hitting a metal plate. 
metal is being scraped against a metal plate. 
metal is being scraped against a plate. 
metal is being scraped against a plate and a fork. 
metal is being scraped against a plate and a fork is being hit. 
rain is falling from the roof of a building. 
rain is falling from the roof of a house. 
rain is falling in a shower. 
rain is falling from the roof of a building 
rain is falling from the roof of a building and a person is walking in the rain. 
someone is taking a shower. 
a person is taking a shower. 
someone is taking a shower in the bathroom. 
someone is taking a shower in the shower. 
someone is taking a shower in a bathroom. 
a siren is chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
a siren is chirping in the distance as a car passes by. 
a siren is chirping in the background. 
a siren is chirping in the background while a car is passing by. 
a siren is chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor with boots on the floor. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor with boots on. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor with heels on. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor 
water is flowing into a bathtub. 
water is running into a bathtub. 
water is running into a bathtub and splashing into a sink. 
water is running down a drain. 
water is running into a bathtub and splashing. 
a piece of glass is being dropped on the ground. 
a piece of glass is being dropped onto a surface. 
a piece of glass is being dropped on a surface. 
a person is dropping a glass bottle onto a surface. 
a piece of glass is being dropped on the ground and then it is picked up and thrown on the ground. 
a plastic bag is being crumpled and crinkled. 
a plastic bag is being crumpled and crumpled. 
a plastic bag is being crumpled. 
a bag of chips is being crumpled. 
someone is crumpling a plastic bag. 
a motor is running in the background. 
a motor is running at a constant rate. 
a motor is running at a constant speed. 
a motor is running at a steady rate. 
a motor is running in the background while a door is opened. 
a hammer is being used to hammer a metal object. 
a hammer is being used to hammer a piece of metal. 
a stapler is being used. 
a metal object is being pressed against a metal surface. 
a metal object is being pressed against a metal object. 
someone is opening a door and closing it. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
someone opens a door and closes it. 
a person is opening and closing a door. 
a person is opening and closing a door and closing it. 
a shower is turned on and the water is turned off. 
a shower is turned on and water is running. 
a shower is turned on and the water runs. 
a shower is turned on and the water is running. 
a shower is turned on and off, and water is running. 
someone is scribbling on a piece of paper. 
someone is scribbling on a piece of paper with a pencil. 
someone scribbles on a piece of paper. 
someone is scribbling on a piece of paper 
someone is scribbling on a paper. 
a person is speaking in the background while a radio tuner is playing. 
a person is speaking in the background while a radio tuner plays. 
a person is speaking in the background. 
a person is speaking in the background with static. 
a person is talking on the am radio. 
a fire is crackling in a stove. 
a fire crackling in a stove. 
a fire is crackling and cracking. 
a fire is crackling in a stove 
a fire crackling in a stove 
people are talking and walking in the background. 
people are talking and walking in the distance. 
a crowd of people are talking and walking around in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and walking around. 
people are talking and walking in the background 
water is sizzling in a pan. 
frying food in a pan. 
frying food in a pan 
water is sizzling in a pan 
water is sizzling in a pan and a person is talking. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
a person is walking on a gravel surface. 
someone is walking on a concrete floor. 
a person is walking on a concrete floor. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface with a soft cloth. 
birds are chirping in the background as a bell rings. 
birds chirping in the background as a bell rings. 
birds are chirping in the background while a bell rings. 
birds are chirping in the background and a bell rings. 
birds chirping in the background while a bell rings. 
an announcement is made and people are talking in the background. 
an announcement is made in the background as people talk in the background. 
an announcement is made and people are talking. 
an announcement is made in the background as people talk. 
an announcement is made and people are talking in the background 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing. 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing in the background. 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing in the distance. 
the wind is blowing, and the wind is blowing. 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing in the background 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling. 
water is being poured into a sink. 
a person is pounding on a sink. 
water is dripping down a sink. 
water is being poured into a sink and then being poured into the sink. 
water is being poured into a sink and then being poured into a bucket. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 20 miles per hour. 
a train is passing by at a speed that makes it sound like it is passing by. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 20 mph. 
a train is passing by at a speed that is very fast. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 10 mph. 
a fire is crackling and crackling in a fireplace. 
a fire is crackling and crackling. 
a fire is crackling and crackling in the fireplace. 
a fire is crackling in a fireplace. 
a fire is crackling and cracking. 
insects are buzzing and birds are chirping in the background. 
insects are buzzing and birds are chirping. 
insects are buzzing in the background and birds are chirping in the background. 
insects are buzzing in the background and birds are chirping in the distance. 
insects are buzzing in the background and birds are chirping. 
water is splashing and splashing in the water. 
water is splashing and splashing against the shore. 
water is splashing in the water. 
water is splashing against the shore. 
water is splashing on the shore. 
wind is blowing in the distance as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the distance as a car passes by. 
the wind is blowing in the distance as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the distance as a car drives past. 
wind is blowing in the distance as a car drives by 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the distance. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
a machine is making a sound. 
an engine is running, and the sound of a machine is being made. 
an engine is running, and the sound is being processed. 
an engine is running, and the sound is being played. 
a machine is making a noise and then it starts to move. 
people are talking in the background as a train passes by. 
people are talking in the background while a train is passing by. 
people are talking in the background while a truck drives by. 
people are talking in the background while a train passes by. 
people are talking in the background while a truck is driving by. 
a jackhammer is being used in the foreground. 
a jackhammer is being used in the background. 
a jackhammer is being used to crack concrete. 
a jackhammer is being used to hammer concrete. 
a jackhammer is being used in the foreground 
water is flowing from a fountain. 
water is flowing from a small stream. 
water is flowing down a stream. 
water is flowing from a small stream into a large stream. 
a small stream is flowing down a drain. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background while a man talks in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background while a man is talking in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background while a car drives by. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background 
a crowd of people are talking and walking in the background. 
a group of people are talking and walking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a bus is passing by. 
a group of people are talking and walking in a park. 
people are talking in the background while a car is driving. 
a truck is passing by and a whistle is blaring. 
a truck is passing by, and a whistle is blaring. 
a truck is passing by, and a horn blares. 
a truck is passing by and a whistle is blowing. 
a truck is passing by, and a whistle is blowing. 
crickets chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets chirping loudly in the background. 
crickets chirping loudly in the background 
crickets chirping in the background while a person is walking. 
waves are crashing on the beach. 
waves are crashing on a beach. 
ocean waves crashing against the shore. 
waves are crashing on the shore. 
waves are crashing against the shoreline. 
a car engine is starting up and then stops. 
a car engine is starting up and running. 
a car engine is starting up, and then the engine is stopped. 
a car engine is starting up and the engine is running. 
a car engine is starting up, and then the engine is stopped and the engine is stopped. 
an airplane is taking off. 
an aircraft is taking off. 
a plane is passing overhead. 
an aircraft is taking off and landing. 
an airplane is taking off and landing. 
ocean waves are crashing on the beach. 
ocean waves crashing on the beach. 
ocean waves are crashing on the shore. 
the waves are crashing on the beach. 
ocean waves crashing on the shore. 
a car is passing by in the distance while a bird chirps in the background. 
a car is passing by in the distance while a bird chirps in the distance. 
a car is passing by in the distance. 
a car is passing by in the distance while a bird chirps. 
a car is passing by in the distance while a bird chirps in the background 
a dryer is running in the background. 
a dryer is running in a dryer. 
a dryer is running while a machine is running. 
a dryer is running in the background while a machine is running. 
a dryer is running and clanking. 
motorcycles are passing by in the background. 
motorcycles are passing by in the distance. 
motorcycles are passing by on a busy road. 
motorcycles are passing by and someone is driving by. 
motorcycles are passing by and someone is driving by 
gas is being ignited and gas is being burned. 
gas is being ignited and gas is being ignited. 
gas is being ignited and gas is being lit. 
gas is being ignited and gas is being released. 
gas is being ignited and gas is being burned 
a train is passing by on a railroad track. 
a freight train is passing by. 
a train is passing by on a track. 
a train is passing by on a bridge. 
a train is passing by on a railroad track 
someone is touching a piece of paper with their hand. 
someone is touching a piece of paper. 
someone is touching a piece of paper with their fingers. 
someone is touching a piece of metal. 
someone is touching a piece of paper 
water is pouring down a waterfall. 
water is flowing from a fountain. 
water is flowing in a fountain. 
water is flowing in a large stream. 
water is flowing from a fountain and is coming down. 
an orchestra is playing and people are talking in the background. 
an orchestra is playing and people are talking. 
an orchestra is playing and people are talking in background. 
an orchestra is playing and people are talking in the background 
an orchestra is playing in the background. 
a metal object is being rubbed against a metal surface. 
someone is rubbing their hand against a metal surface. 
someone is rubbing their hand against a metal object. 
a metal object is being rubbed against a plastic sheet. 
a metal object is being rubbed against a plastic surface. 
an object is being struck with a stick. 
a metal object is being struck with a metal object. 
a metal object is being struck with a hammer. 
an object is being struck with a hammer. 
an object is being struck with a stick and then a bang. 
water is pouring down a waterfall. 
water is flowing down a stream and a car is driving by. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
water is flowing down a stream. 
water is rushing down a stream. 
water is being poured into a frying pan. 
water is being poured into a pan. 
water is being poured into a pan and then it is boiled. 
water is being poured into a pan and then the water is splashed into a bowl. 
water is being poured into a pan and then the water is splashed into a pot. 
a person is talking in the background while a machine hums in the background. 
a person is talking in the background while a machine is running. 
a person is talking in the background while a machine hums. 
a person is talking in the background. 
a person is talking while a machine is running. 
a geese quacking in the water. 
a geese quacking in a pond. 
a geese quacking in the distance. 
a goose quacks loudly in the background. 
a geese quacking in the background. 
a key is being pressed and a car is being driven away. 
a key is being pressed and a car is being driven. 
a key is being pressed and a car is being driven off. 
a key is being pressed and a car is being turned on. 
a key is being pressed and a car is accelerating. 
cars are passing by and revving their engines. 
cars are passing by at a race track. 
cars are passing by on the track. 
cars are passing by on a track. 
cars are passing by and revving up. 
a person is walking on a grassy surface. 
a person is walking on a dirt road. 
a person is walking on a grassy area. 
a person is walking on a dirt path. 
a person is walking on a dirt floor. 
water is being poured into a faucet. 
water is being poured into a sink. 
a person is washing their hands in a bathroom. 
a person is washing their hands in the bathroom. 
water is being poured into a faucet and then the water is stopped. 
a bird chirps loudly in the distance. 
a bird chirps loudly in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
a bird chirps loudly in the distance as it chirps in the distance. 
a bird chirps loudly in the distance as it chirps. 
a group of people are talking in the background. 
a group of people are talking and laughing. 
a group of people are talking and talking. 
a group of people are talking in the background while a car drives by. 
a group of people are talking in the background while a car is driving. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping. 
crickets are chirping and the wind is blowing in the background. 
crickets are chirping and the wind is blowing. 
crickets are chirping in the background. 
someone is opening and closing a drawer. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
someone is opening and closing a closet door. 
someone is opening and closing a door and then opening and closing it. 
someone is opening and closing a door and then opening it. 
water is being poured into a glass. 
water is being poured into a glass of water. 
liquid is being poured into a glass. 
water is being poured into a glass 
water is being poured into a glass of water 
a metal object is being moved across a concrete surface. 
a metal object is being moved across a surface. 
a metal object is being moved across a glass surface. 
a metal object is being scraped against a glass surface. 
a metal object is being rubbed against a glass surface. 
water is flowing and people are talking in the background. 
water is flowing and people are talking. 
water is flowing in a fountain and people are talking. 
water is flowing and people are talking in the distance. 
water is flowing and people are talking in the background 
traffic is passing by and cars are passing by. 
traffic is passing by and cars are driving by. 
traffic is passing by and a car is passing by. 
traffic is passing by and cars are approaching. 
traffic is passing by and cars are passing by 
a train is passing by in the background. 
a train is passing by in the distance. 
a train is passing by in the background and a squeak is heard. 
a train is passing by in the background and a squeak occurs. 
a train is passing by in the background 
people are talking and cars are passing by. 
people are talking in the background as a car drives by. 
people are talking and cars are driving by. 
people are talking in the background while a car drives by. 
people are talking and cars are passing by 
someone is breathing through a mouth. 
someone is breathing through their mouth. 
a person is breathing through a mouth. 
a person is breathing through their mouth. 
a person is breathing through their mouth and exhaling. 
a metal object is being hit with a metal object. 
a metal object is being struck with a metal object. 
a metal object is being hit with a spoon. 
a metal object is being hit with a hammer. 
a metal object is being hit with a metal object 
a wooden object is being rubbed against another wooden object. 
a wooden object is being rubbed against another object. 
a wooden object is being rubbed against a wooden surface. 
a wooden object is being played with a wooden stick. 
a wooden object is being rubbed against another wooden object 
an engine is running, and a sound is coming from the engine. 
an engine is running, and a sound is coming from it. 
an engine is running, and a sound is being made. 
an engine is running, and a sound is being generated. 
the sound of a machine is being processed. 
a car engine is idling, idling, and idling. 
a car engine is idling and idling. 
an engine is idling, idling, and idling. 
a car is idling and idling. 
an engine is idling and idling. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the distance. 
rain is falling on the ground as a car drives by. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the sky. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming in. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
traffic is passing by on a busy street. 
a car is passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy street 
waves are crashing on the shore of a beach. 
waves crashing on the shore of a beach. 
waves are crashing on the beach. 
waves are crashing on the shoreline. 
the waves are crashing on the shoreline. 
crickets chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
crickets are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
crickets chirping in the background while a truck drives by. 
crickets are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
crickets chirping in the background while a truck drives by 
people are talking in the background while a bus is passing by. 
people are talking in the background as a bus passes by. 
people are talking in the background while a toy is playing. 
people are talking in the background while a bus is passing. 
people are talking in the background as a bus passes. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background 
cars are passing by and people are talking. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the distance. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the foreground. 
a bus is passing by and people are talking. 
a bus is driving down the street. 
a bus is driving on a highway. 
a bus is driving down the road. 
a bus is driving along the road. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background. 
people are talking in a restaurant. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background and a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background 
water is flowing and bubbling. 
the water is bubbling and bubbling. 
water is bubbling and bubbling. 
water is bubbling and bubbling in a small stream. 
water is bubbling and bubbling in a shallow pool. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
water is flowing through a waterfall. 
a large waterfall is flowing down the river. 
water is pouring down a waterfall. 
a large waterfall is flowing down the river 
a group of people are talking in the background. 
a group of people are talking in a restaurant. 
a group of people are talking and laughing in a restaurant. 
a group of people talking in a restaurant. 
a group of people are talking and laughing. 
a door is being opened and closed. 
a door is opened and shut repeatedly. 
a door is opened and closed. 
someone is opening and closing a microwave door. 
someone is opening and closing a microwave door 
water is flowing in a fountain. 
water is flowing in a stream. 
water is flowing down a stream. 
water is flowing down a stream and splashing into a container. 
water is flowing down a stream and splashing into a pool. 
a person is walking and talking in a subway station. 
a person is walking in a subway station. 
a person is walking in a subway station and a train is passing by. 
a person is walking and talking in a subway station 
a person is walking in a subway station 
people are talking in the background as a train passes by. 
people are talking in the background while a train passes by. 
a train is passing by in the background. 
a train is passing by in the distance. 
people are talking in the background while a train is passing by. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor with shoes on. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor 
someone is walking on a wooden floor with shoes. 
crickets chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
crickets chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
crickets chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
crickets are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
crickets are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
a boat is passing by and the engine is running. 
a boat is passing by on the shore. 
a boat is passing by on the beach. 
a boat is passing by and the engine is off. 
a boat is passing by on a lake. 
a door is opening and closing. 
a machine is opening and closing. 
a door is opening and closing, and a latch is being opened. 
a door is opening and closing, and a latch is being pulled. 
a door is opening and closing 
a person is walking through a pile of leaves. 
a person is walking through leaves and leaves. 
a person is walking through a pile of leaves in the distance. 
a person is walking through a pile of leaves in the woods. 
a person is walking through a pile of leaves 
a person is walking down a hallway and a door is opened. 
a person is walking in a hallway and a door is opened. 
a person is walking down a hallway and a door opens. 
a person is walking down a hallway and a door is opening. 
a person is walking in a hallway and a door opens. 
waves are splashing on the shore. 
waves are splashing on a rocky shore. 
waves are splashing on the shore of a rocky beach. 
waves are splashing against the shore. 
waves are splashing against the shoreline. 
traffic is passing by on a busy street. 
traffic is passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
traffic is passing by on a busy street 
water is flowing from a fountain. 
water is flowing into a fountain. 
water is flowing in a fountain. 
water is flowing from a fountain in the background. 
water is flowing from a fountain in a small area. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
someone is walking on a hard surface. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor. 
a person is walking on a hard surface. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor and then walking on a hard surface. 
birds are chirping and other birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and other birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and other birds are chirping in the background 
birds are chirping and other birds are chirping in the distance. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
the wind is blowing in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the background as a car passes by. 
the wind is blowing in the background as a car drives past. 
the wind is blowing in the background while a car is driving. 
water is running down a drain and splashing into a container. 
water is running down a drain and splashing into a sink. 
water is running down a drain. 
water is flowing down a drain. 
water is running down a drain and splashing. 
a shower is running and the water is running. 
water is running in a shower. 
water is running in the shower. 
a shower is running and the water is flowing. 
a shower is running and the water runs. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the sky. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming in. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming. 
rain is falling on a concrete surface. 
children are playing and talking in the background. 
children are playing and talking in the background while a car drives by. 
children are playing and talking in the distance. 
children are playing and talking in the background 
children are playing and talking in the background while a car drives by 
a train is passing by in the distance. 
a train is passing by and a horn is honking. 
a train is passing by and a horn is blowing. 
a train is passing by, and a horn is honking. 
a train is passing by and a horn is heard. 
noise is being generated in the background. 
noise is being generated in the background with a low frequency. 
noise is being generated in the background by a computer. 
noise is being generated in the background by a machine. 
noise is being generated in the background by a machine 
rain is falling and thunder is blowing in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is blowing. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the sky. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming. 
rain is falling and thunder is blowing in the background 
the wind is blowing in the background and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the wind and birds are chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the background as birds chirp in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the background and birds chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the background and birds are chirping. 
water is dripping down a drain and a dog is barking in the background. 
water is dripping down a drain and a person is talking in the background. 
water is dripping down a drain and a dog is barking. 
water is dripping down a drain in a basement. 
water is dripping down a drain and a dog is barking in the background 
water is being splashed into a plastic container. 
water is splashing and splashing in a pool. 
water is splashing and splashing in the water. 
water is splashing in a pool. 
water is being splashed into a bucket. 
someone is walking on dry leaves. 
someone is walking on dry leaves and crunching them. 
a person is walking on dry leaves. 
someone is walking on dry leaves in a forest. 
a person is walking on dry leaves and crunching them. 
a siren is blaring and traffic is passing by. 
an emergency vehicle siren is blaring and traffic is passing by. 
a siren is blaring and traffic is passing. 
an emergency vehicle siren is blaring and traffic is passing. 
a siren is blaring and traffic is passing by 
rain is falling on the ground and people are talking in the background. 
rain is falling on the ground and a person is talking in the background. 
rain is falling on the ground and people are talking. 
rain is falling on the ground and people are talking in the background 
rain is falling on the ground as it drips. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by 
a synthesizer is playing and a guitar is playing. 
a synthesizer is playing, and a guitar is playing. 
a synthesizer is playing a loop. 
a synthesizer is playing a melody. 
a guitar is playing a melody. 
an ambulance siren is passing by in the distance. 
an ambulance siren is heard in the distance. 
an ambulance siren is passing by. 
an ambulance is passing by and a siren is sounding. 
an ambulance siren is heard in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and calling in the background. 
birds chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the distance. 
birds are chirping and calling in the distance. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
wind is blowing in the trees and birds are chirping in the background. 
wind is blowing and leaves are rustling. 
wind is blowing in the trees and birds are chirping. 
wind is blowing in the trees and birds are chirping in the background 
wind is blowing and leaves are rustling in the trees. 
a faucet is turned on and the water flows into a sink. 
a faucet is turned on and off and water flows into a sink. 
a faucet is turned on and off, and water flows into a sink. 
a faucet is turned on and off. 
a faucet is turned on and the water flows into a sink 
someone is walking up and down stairs. 
someone is walking up and down the stairs. 
someone is walking up and down stairs 
someone is walking up and down stairs and then running down stairs. 
someone is walking up and down stairs and then running down stairs 
birds are chirping in the background. 
a bird is chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car passes by. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a train is passing by and a bell is ringing. 
a train is passing by with a bell ringing. 
a train is passing by at a station. 
a train is passing by. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
traffic is passing by on a busy street. 
cars passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
water is pouring from a faucet into a sink. 
water is running from a faucet into a sink. 
water is flowing from a faucet into a sink. 
water is pouring from a faucet into a sink 
water is running from a faucet into a sink 
a train is honking its horn as it passes by. 
a train is honking its horn in the distance. 
a train is honking its horn in the background. 
a train is honking its horn as it passes. 
a train is honking its horn as it approaches. 
a train is passing by on a track. 
a train is passing by on the tracks. 
a train is passing by on the track. 
a train is passing by and a horn is sounded. 
a train is passing by and a horn is clacking. 
an elevator is going up and down. 
an elevator is going up and down in the background. 
an elevator is going up and down in the distance. 
an elevator is going up and down, and then it stops. 
an elevator is going up and down, and then it stops and then it stops again. 
a motorcycle is starting, running, and idling. 
a motorcycle is starting, running, and revving. 
a motorcycle is idling and revving. 
a motorcycle is idling and running. 
a motorcycle is starting up and running. 
traffic is passing by and cars are passing by. 
a car is passing by on a busy street. 
a car is passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
someone is sliding a knife across a table. 
a person is sliding a knife across a table. 
a knife is being moved across a table. 
a knife is being slid across a table. 
a person is sliding a knife across a table and scraping it against the table. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by 
water is splashing and splashing in the water. 
a person is swimming in water. 
water is splashing and splashing into a pool. 
water is splashing in the water. 
water is splashing and splashing. 
a fountain is running and people are talking in the background. 
a fountain is running and people are talking. 
a fountain is running and people are talking in the background 
a fountain is running and people are talking in the distance. 
a fountain is flowing and people are talking. 
rain is falling on a corrugated metal surface. 
rain is falling on a corrugated metal roof. 
rain is falling on a corrugated plastic roof. 
rain falling on a corrugated metal surface. 
rain falling on a corrugated metal roof. 
heavy rain is falling on the ground and the wind is blowing in the background. 
heavy rain is falling on the ground and the wind is blowing. 
heavy rain is falling on the ground. 
heavy rain is falling on the ground and the wind is blowing in the background 
heavy rain is falling on the ground and the rain is falling. 
crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background as the wind blows. 
crickets are chirping in the background as the wind blows in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
a large stream is flowing in the background. 
a large stream is flowing in the distance. 
water is flowing in a small stream. 
water is flowing in a stream. 
water is pouring down a stream. 
windshield wipers are being used. 
car windshield wipers are being used. 
windshield wipers are being used in a car. 
windshield wipers are being used in the background. 
windshield wipers are being used to wipe the windshield. 
a dog is barking and growling in the background. 
a dog is barking and growling in the distance. 
a dog is barking loudly in the background. 
a dog is barking in the background. 
a dog is barking and growling. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background as they are singing. 
a large crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a crowded bar. 
a large group of people are talking in a large crowd. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a large crowd. 
a large group of people are talking in a crowded bar. 
a church bell rings and people talk in the background. 
a bell is striking and people are talking in background. 
a church bell rings and people talk in background. 
a bell is struck and people talk in background. 
a bell is striking and people are talking. 
a wine glass is clinking and clinking. 
a glass is clinking and clinking. 
a wine glass is clinking and clinking loudly. 
a wine glass is clinking loudly. 
a wine glass is clinking and clinking 
waves are crashing on the shore of a beach. 
waves crashing on the shore of a beach. 
waves are crashing on the shore of the beach. 
ocean waves crashing on the shore of a beach. 
waves are crashing on a beach. 
a machine is running while a car is idling. 
a machine is running and a car is passing by. 
a machine is running while a car drives by. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a machine is running while a person is talking. 
someone is walking down a hallway and a door opens. 
someone is walking down a hallway and a door is opened. 
someone is walking in a hallway and a door opens. 
someone is walking in a hallway and a door is opened. 
someone is walking down a hallway and a door opens and someone speaks. 
birds chirping and people talking in the background. 
birds chirping in the background while people talk in the background. 
birds chirping in the background while people are talking in the background. 
birds chirping and people talking in the distance. 
birds chirping and people talking in the background 
crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the distance. 
crickets are chirping in the background while a person is talking in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background while a person walks in the distance. 
crickets are chirping in the background while a person is talking. 
a bell is ringing in the background as time goes on. 
a bell is ringing in the background. 
a bell is ringing as it is being played. 
a bell is ringing in the background as time goes by. 
a bell is ringing in the background as time goes on 
people are talking and breathing in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is ticking. 
people are talking and breathing in the background 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running and a door is opened. 
someone is touching a piece of paper. 
someone is touching a piece of paper with their fingers. 
someone is touching a piece of paper with a pencil. 
someone is touching a piece of paper 
someone is touching a piece of paper with their fingertips. 
a car is passing by on the street. 
a car is passing by on a street. 
a car is passing by on the road. 
a car is passing by on a highway. 
a car is passing by on the street 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
someone is opening and closing a metal door. 
a metal door is opening and closing. 
a metal door is opened and closed. 
someone is opening and closing a metal door 
water is being poured into a cup. 
water is being poured into a cup of water. 
water is being poured into a glass. 
water is being poured into a cup with some liquid. 
water is being poured into a cup of water 
a sound is created with a wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwah
a sound is created with a wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwahwahwahwahwah
a sound is created with a wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwah. 
a sound is created with a wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwahwah. 
a sound is created with a wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwah wahwahwah wah
people are talking in the background as a bird chirps in the background. 
people are talking in the background as a bird chirps in the distance. 
people are talking in the background as a bird chirps. 
people are talking in the background as a horn blares. 
people are talking in the background as a bird chirps in the background 
water drips in the background as it drips in the background. 
water drips in the background as it drips into a sink. 
water dripping into a sink. 
water drips in the background as it drips. 
water drips in the background as it drips in the background 
crickets chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background. 
crickets chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the distance. 
crickets are chirping in the background as the wind blows. 
crickets chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background as a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background while a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background as they walk by. 
people are talking in the background as a car drives past. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the distance. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping and people are talking and laughing. 
a motorcycle engine is idling and cruising. 
a motorcycle engine is idling and cruising down the road. 
a motorcycle is idling and cruising. 
motorcycle engine is idling and cruising. 
an airplane engine is idling and cruising. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and people are talking in the background. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping in the background 
water is flowing in a stream. 
water is flowing down a stream. 
water is flowing through a stream. 
water is pouring down a stream. 
water is flowing down a stream and splashing into a pool. 
a group of people are talking in the background. 
a group of people are talking in a large hall. 
a crowd of people are talking in a large hall. 
a group of people are talking in a hall. 
a group of people are talking in the background while a person walks in the background. 
someone is walking on pebbles and gravel. 
someone is walking on pebbles and rocks. 
a person is walking on pebbles and gravel. 
a person is walking on a gravel surface. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
a wooden object is being played on a wooden table. 
a wooden object is being twisted and creaked. 
a wooden object is being twisted and creaking. 
a wooden object is being twisted and broken. 
a wooden object is being played on a wooden table 
a large number of birds are honking and whistling. 
a large number of birds are honking in the background. 
a large number of birds are honking in the distance. 
a large number of birds are honking and snapping. 
a large group of birds are honking and snapping. 
a machine is running in the background. 
a machine is running and humming. 
a machine is running and buzzing. 
a machine is running in the background while a person is talking. 
a machine is running in the background while a person speaks. 
water is running from a faucet into a sink. 
water running from a faucet into a sink. 
water is running from the faucet into a sink. 
water is running from the faucet into the sink. 
water running from a faucet into a sink 
waves are crashing on a beach. 
the waves are crashing on the shore and the wind is blowing. 
waves are crashing on the beach. 
the waves are crashing on the beach. 
the waves are crashing on the shore. 
a plane is taking off and people are talking in the background. 
a plane is taking off and people are talking. 
a plane is taking off and people are speaking. 
an airplane is taking off and people are talking. 
a plane is taking off and people are talking in the background 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling. 
vehicles drive by on a busy street. 
vehicles passing by on a busy street. 
vehicles passing by on a busy street 
a vehicle drives by and passes by. 
vehicles drive by on a busy street 
birds chirping in the background. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a helicopter flies overhead. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes. 
water is running down a drain in a sewer pipe. 
water is running down a drain in a sewer. 
water is running in a sewer pipe. 
water is running down a drain in a large container. 
water is running down a drain in a sink. 
people are talking in the background while children are playing in the background. 
people are talking in the background while people are talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while children are playing. 
people are talking in the background while children are playing in the foreground. 
people are talking in the background while children are playing in the background 
water is dripping into a container. 
water dripping into a metal container. 
water drips into a container and then drips into a container. 
water drips into a container and then drips into a sink. 
water drips into a container and then drips out. 
someone is flipping through a book. 
a person is flipping through a book. 
pages are being turned in a book. 
pages of a book are being turned. 
pages of a book are being turned and turned. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a large hall. 
a large crowd of people talking in a large hall. 
a large crowd of people are talking and talking in a large hall. 
a large crowd of people is talking in a large hall. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a hall. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
traffic is passing by on a highway. 
cars are passing by on the highway. 
cars are passing by in the distance. 
cars are passing by in the background. 
glass bottles are clinking together and clinking together. 
glass bottles are clinking and clinking together. 
glass bottles are clinking and clinking. 
glass bottles are clinking together and clinking. 
glass bottles are clinking together and clinking together 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the distance. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the background 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the distance. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping in the background and a dog is barking. 
the wind is blowing and the rain is falling. 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing. 
rain is falling and the wind is blowing. 
the rain is falling and the wind is blowing in the background. 
rain is falling and the wind is blowing in the background. 
a person is walking on a wet pavement. 
someone is walking on a wet pavement. 
a person is walking on a sidewalk. 
someone is walking on a sidewalk. 
a person is walking on a wet ground. 
someone is clicking their finger on a metal object. 
a person is clicking their finger on a metal object. 
a person is clicking on a metal object. 
someone is clicking their finger on a metal surface. 
someone is clicking on a metal object. 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing. 
the wind is blowing in the background as the wind blows in the background. 
the wind is blowing and the wind is blowing in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the background as the wind blows. 
an air compressor is being used. 
an air compressor is being used to compress air. 
an air compressor is being used to compress air into a cylinder. 
an air compressor is running continuously. 
an air compressor is being used 
water is splashing and people are talking in the background. 
water is splashing and children are chirping in the background. 
people are walking and talking in the background. 
water is splashing and children are chirping. 
water is splashing and people are talking. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background, and the wind is blowing in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background, and the wind is blowing. 
birds are chirping in the background as a wind blows in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background, and the wind is blowing in the background 
birds are chirping and cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as the wind blows. 
birds are chirping in the background as a wind blows. 
birds are chirping in the background as the wind blows in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as a helicopter flies overhead. 
someone is hitting a metal object with a metal rod. 
a metal object is being hit with a metal rod. 
a person is hitting a metal object with a metal rod. 
someone is hitting a metal object with their hands. 
someone is hitting a metal object with a metal rod and then hitting it with a metal rod. 
a machine is running and a fan is blowing. 
a machine is running and a fan is running. 
a machine is running, and the noise is coming from the machine. 
a machine is running, and the noise is coming from the speakers. 
a machine is running, and the noise is coming from the machine 
water is splashing and birds are chirping in the background. 
water splashes and birds chirp in the background. 
water is splashing and birds are chirping. 
water splashes and birds chirping in the background. 
water is splashing and birds are chirping in the background 
a large stream is flowing in the background. 
a large stream is flowing in the distance. 
a small stream is flowing in the background. 
a small stream is flowing in the distance. 
a large stream is flowing in the background 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background 
people are talking in the background while a machine is working. 
people are talking in the background as a machine is running. 
a machine is running in the background. 
a machine is running in a factory. 
a machine is running in the background while a person is talking. 
a machine is running in the background while a person speaks. 
a machine is running in the background while a person is speaking. 
heavy rain is falling on the ground. 
rain is falling on the ground. 
rain is falling on the ground as a heavy rain shower hits the ground. 
rain is falling on the ground as a heavy rain falls on the ground. 
rain is falling on the ground as a heavy rain falls. 
birds are chirping and cicadas are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and cicadas are chirping. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping. 
birds are chirping and cicadas are chirping 
cars are passing by on a busy highway. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars and trucks are passing by on a busy highway. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars pass by on a busy highway. 
a bell is ringing and people are talking in the background. 
a bell is ringing and people are talking. 
a bell is ringing and people are talking in the background 
a bell is ringing and people are talking in the distance. 
a bell is ringing and a person is talking. 
a metal bowl is struck with a hammer. 
a metal bowl is struck with a wooden stick. 
a large metal bowl is struck with a wooden stick. 
a large metal bowl is struck with a hammer. 
a metal bowl is struck with a wooden stick 
children are playing in a playground. 
children are playing on a playground. 
children are playing in a playground, and a car is driving by. 
children are playing in a playground with a loud noise. 
children are playing in a playground with a loud whistle. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping and cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are driving by. 
birds chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are driving by. 
a car is passing by and revving up and down. 
a motor vehicle is passing by and revving and revving. 
a motor vehicle is passing by and revving. 
a car is passing by and revving. 
a motor vehicle is accelerating and revving. 
a zipper is being pulled on a hard surface. 
a zipper is being pulled on a hard surface 
a zipper is being pulled on a hard surface and then it is zipped and zipped again. 
a zipper is being pulled on a hard object. 
a zipper is being pulled on a hard surface and then it is zipped and zipped again 
cicadas are chirping in the background. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they are chirping in the background. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they are chirping. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
cicadas are chirping in the background as they are making noise. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
someone is walking down a wooden staircase. 
someone is walking down a wooden stairs. 
a person is walking down a wooden stairs. 
a person is walking down a wooden staircase. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background 
rain is falling and thunder is falling. 
water is dripping from a faucet into a sink. 
water dripping from a faucet into a sink. 
water is dripping from a faucet into a container. 
water dripping from a faucet into a container. 
water dripping from a faucet into a sink 
a train is passing by in the distance. 
a train is passing by in the background. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 20 mph. 
a train is passing by and the engine is running. 
a train is passing by in the background 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is roaring in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling in the background 
rain is falling and thunder is roaring in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling. 
a man is speaking to a group of people in the background. 
a man is speaking and a woman is speaking. 
a man is speaking to a group of people. 
a man is speaking to a group of people in a street. 
a man is speaking to a group of people in the background 
an object is being picked up and thrown around. 
an object is being picked up and dropped on a table. 
an object is being picked up and tossed around. 
an object is being picked up and thrown. 
an object is being picked up and dropped. 
a bell is being struck on a metal surface. 
a bell is being hit on a metal surface. 
a bell is being struck on a metal plate. 
a bell is hit on a metal surface. 
a bell is being hit on a metal plate. 
a woman speaks while a man speaks in the background. 
a woman speaks while a man speaks. 
a woman speaks and a man speaks. 
a woman is speaking and a man is speaking. 
a woman speaks as a man speaks. 
a train is arriving at a station and people are talking in the background. 
a train is arriving at a station. 
a train is arriving at a station and people are talking. 
a train is arriving at a station and people are speaking. 
a train is arriving at a station and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping and a car is passing by. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping and a car is passing by 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by 
someone is walking on gravel. 
a person is walking on gravel. 
someone is walking on a gravel path. 
a person is walking on gravel in the background. 
a person is walking on gravel in the foreground. 
water is dripping into a container. 
water is dripping into a glass container. 
water drips into a container and then drips into a bucket. 
water drips into a container and then drips into a container. 
water drips into a container and then drips out. 
people are talking and clattering in a restaurant. 
people are talking and clattering in the background. 
people are talking and eating in a restaurant. 
people are talking in a restaurant. 
people are talking in the background while dishes are being cooked. 
a sliding door is being opened and closed. 
a sliding door is opened and closed. 
a door is being opened and closed. 
someone is opening and closing a sliding door. 
a sliding door is being opened and closed 
a door is creaking as it is opened and closed. 
a door is creaking loudly as it is opened and closed. 
a door is creaking as it is opened. 
a door is creaking as it opens and closes. 
a door is creaking loudly. 
a rooster crows in the background while a rooster crows in the background. 
a rooster crows in the background. 
a rooster crows in the background while a rooster is crowing. 
a rooster crows in the background as it is crowing. 
a rooster crows in the background while a car drives by. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is flowing in a stream and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping. 
water is flowing and birds chirping in the background. 
water is flowing in a stream and birds are chirping. 
water is being poured into a pot of boiling water. 
water is being poured into a pot. 
water is being poured into a pot of water. 
water is being poured into a pot of boiling water 
water is being poured into a pot of water 
a person is walking in a park with birds chirping in the background. 
a person is walking in a park with birds chirping in the background 
a person is walking in a park with birds chirping in the distance. 
a person is walking in a park. 
a person is walking in a park with birds chirping. 
someone is tapping on a metal container. 
someone is tapping on a metal surface. 
a person is tapping on a metal container. 
a person is tapping on a metal surface. 
a person is tapping on a metal surface and then tapping on it. 
cars are passing by on a wet road. 
a car is passing by on a wet road. 
cars are passing by on a wet pavement. 
a car is passing by on a wet pavement. 
a car is driving by on a wet road. 
music is playing in the background while people are talking in the background. 
music is playing in the background while people talk in the background. 
music is playing in the background while people are talking in the background 
music is playing in the background while people are talking in the foreground. 
music is playing in the background while people are talking. 
a person is walking on a sidewalk and a car passes by. 
a person is walking on a sidewalk and a car drives by. 
a person is walking on a sidewalk. 
a person is walking on a concrete sidewalk. 
a person is walking on a sidewalk and a car is driving by. 
a group of people are talking in the background. 
a group of people are talking in a room. 
a group of people are talking and talking. 
a group of people are talking and talking in a room. 
a group of people are talking in the background while a car is driving. 
people are talking and cars are honking in the background. 
people are talking and cars are honking. 
people are talking and cars are honking and honking. 
people are talking in the background while a motorcycle honks and a car honks. 
people are talking and cars are honking in the background 
a train is passing by, and a horn blares. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 20 mph. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 30 mph. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 10 mph. 
a train is passing by at a speed of about 5 mph. 
thunder is clapping as it rumbles in the distance. 
thunder is clapping loudly as rain falls. 
thunder is clapping as rain falls. 
thunder is clapping and thunder is roaring. 
thunder is clapping as it rumbles. 
water is running in a bathtub. 
water is running in a shower. 
water is running in a bathtub, and a person is turning on the shower. 
water is running in a bathtub 
water is running in a bathtub, and a person is turning on the water. 
a dog is barking and howling in the distance. 
a dog is howling in the distance. 
a dog is barking and howling in the background. 
a dog is barking in the distance. 
a dog is barking and howling. 
wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the distance as a car drives by. 
wind is blowing in the background as a car passes by. 
wind is blowing in the distance and a car is driving by. 
wind is blowing in the background while a car is driving by. 
a group of people talking in a restaurant. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the foreground. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background 
children are playing in the background as a car drives by. 
children are playing in the background while a car drives by. 
children are playing in the background and a car is driving by. 
children are playing in the background as a car passes by. 
children are playing in the background while a car drives by 
an engine is revving up and down as the rain falls. 
an engine is revving up and down. 
an engine is revving up and down, and a car is driving by. 
an engine is revving up and down as it drives by. 
an engine is revving up and down 
bees are buzzing and birds are chirping in the background. 
bees are buzzing and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and birds are chirping in the background. 
bees are buzzing and birds chirping in the background. 
bees are buzzing and birds are chirping in the background 
a tram is passing by and passing by. 
a train is passing by and passing by. 
a tram is passing by and a car is passing by. 
a tram is passing by and passing by 
a tram is passing by and a car is passing by 
rain is falling on a concrete surface. 
rain is pouring down on a concrete surface. 
rain is falling on a concrete roof. 
rain is falling on a concrete surface and hitting a concrete surface. 
rain is pouring down on a concrete surface and hitting a concrete surface. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as they walk by. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by 
an engine is running and a car is passing by. 
an engine is running and a car is idling. 
an engine is running and a car is driving by. 
an engine is running and a person is talking. 
an engine is running and a car is passing. 
a boat is passing by on the shore. 
a boat is passing by and waves are hitting the shore. 
a boat is passing by and waves are crashing against rocks. 
a boat is passing by on the beach. 
a boat is passing by and waves are crashing. 
a machine is running in the background while a person is talking in the background. 
a machine is running in the background. 
a machine is running in the background while a person is talking. 
a machine is running in the background while a man speaks. 
a machine is running in the background while a person speaks. 
a metal door is opened and a metal door is opened. 
a metal door is opened and a door is opened. 
a metal door is opened and a metal door is closed. 
a metal door is opened and a door is closed. 
a metal door is opening and closing. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as cars pass by. 
birds chirping in the background while cars drive by. 
a woman is speaking and a man is speaking. 
a woman is speaking while a man is speaking. 
a woman is speaking in the background while a man is speaking. 
an announcement is made and people are talking. 
a woman is speaking while a man is talking. 
a drill is being used to drill a hole in a piece of wood. 
a drill is being used to drill a hole into a piece of wood. 
a drill is being used to drill holes into a piece of wood. 
a drill is being used to drill a hole in a wall. 
a drill is being used to drill a hole. 
someone is walking on gravel and birds are chirping in the background. 
someone is walking on gravel and birds chirping in the background. 
someone is walking on gravel and birds are chirping. 
someone is walking on gravel and birds are chirping in the background 
someone is walking on gravel and birds chirping in the background 
a person is turning pages of a book. 
paper is being turned in a book. 
a person is turning pages of a magazine. 
a paper is being turned in a book. 
a person is turning pages of a book 
an electric kettle is being turned on and off. 
an electric kettle is boiling water. 
an electric kettle is being turned on. 
an electric kettle is being turned on and off 
an electric kettle is being turned on and off, and the water is boiling. 
someone is walking up and down a wooden staircase. 
someone is walking up and down a wooden floor. 
someone is walking up and down a creaky floor. 
someone is walking up and down stairs. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
the wind is blowing in the distance. 
the wind is blowing in the background. 
the wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
the wind is blowing in the distance and the waves are crashing. 
the wind is blowing in the background as waves are crashing. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and calling in the background. 
birds are chirping and chirping in the background 
birds chirping in the background 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
a train is passing by while people talk in the background. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
a train is passing by and people are talking in the background 
a train is passing by and people are speaking. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a car is driving by. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background while a car is driving by. 
people are talking in the background while a car is driving. 
a crowd of people are talking in the background 
a squeaky door is being opened and closed. 
a squeaky door is being opened and closed repeatedly. 
a squeaky wooden door is being opened and closed. 
a squeaky door is opening and closing. 
a squeaky door is opened and closed. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in the background. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in the distance. 
birds are chirping and the wind is blowing in the background 
frogs are chirping in the distance. 
frogs are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the distance. 
frogs chirping in the distance. 
crickets are chirping in the background. 
water is being poured into a plastic container. 
water is being poured into a container. 
water is being poured down a drain. 
water is being poured into a bucket. 
water is being poured into a plastic container and then it is splashed into a bucket. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a train is passing by. 
people are talking in the background while a bus is passing by. 
people are talking in the background as a train passes by. 
people are talking in the background while a train is passing. 
someone is walking on a hard surface. 
someone is walking on a wooden surface. 
a person is walking on a hard surface. 
a person is walking on a wooden surface. 
someone is walking on a hard surface with a soft surface. 
the wind is blowing and the rain is falling. 
the wind is blowing and rain is falling. 
the wind is blowing and the raindrops are falling. 
the wind is blowing and the water is dripping. 
the wind is blowing and the rain is falling 
birds are chirping and dogs are barking in the background. 
birds are chirping and dogs are barking. 
birds are chirping and a dog is barking. 
birds are chirping and dogs are barking in the distance. 
birds chirping and dogs barking in the background. 
a sliding drawer is being opened and closed. 
a wooden drawer is being opened and closed. 
a drawer is being opened and closed. 
someone is opening and closing a drawer. 
a sliding drawer is being opened and closed and then a door is opened and closed. 
water is flowing into a container. 
water is flowing into a drain. 
water is running down a drain. 
water is flowing into a sink. 
water is running down a drain in a large container. 
a group of people are cheering and cheering. 
a crowd of people cheering and cheering. 
a large crowd of people are cheering and cheering. 
a large crowd of people cheering and cheering. 
a large crowd of people are cheering and cheering and cheering. 
water is running down the drain of a faucet. 
water is running down a drain in a bathroom. 
water is running down a drain. 
water is running down the drain of a tap. 
water is running down the drain of a shower. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the distance. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping. 
rain is falling and thunder is falling. 
rain is falling and thunder is chirping in the background 
a group of people are talking in the background. 
people are walking and talking in the background. 
a group of people are talking and talking in the background. 
a group of people are talking in the background while a car is driving. 
a group of people are talking and talking in the background 
water is being poured into a bucket. 
water is being poured into a bathtub. 
water is being poured into a sink. 
water is being poured into a bucket and then being turned on and off. 
water is being poured into a bucket and then being turned off. 
a machine is running in the background. 
a machine is running in a factory. 
a machine is running in the background while a person is typing. 
a machine is running in the background while a man speaks. 
a machine is running in the background while a man is talking. 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes. 
birds are chirping and cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are driving by. 
birds are chirping and cars are passing by 
the waves are crashing on the beach. 
the waves are crashing on a beach. 
waves are crashing on a beach. 
the waves are crashing on the shore. 
waves crashing on a beach. 
birds chirp and screech in the distance. 
birds chirp and screech in the background. 
a bird is hooting in the distance. 
an owl is hooting and screeching. 
birds chirp and screech in the distance as a bird calls. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running. 
people are talking in the background as a train passes by. 
people are talking in the background while a machine is running in the background 
people are talking in the background while a train is running. 
a helicopter is flying overhead. 
a helicopter is flying overhead, and a helicopter is passing by. 
a helicopter is passing by, and then a helicopter is passing by. 
a helicopter is flying overhead, and a helicopter is approaching. 
a helicopter is flying overhead, and a helicopter is passing. 
traffic is passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
traffic is passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy street 
crickets are chirping and dogs are barking in the background. 
crickets are chirping and dogs are barking. 
crickets chirp and dogs chirp in the background. 
crickets are chirping and dogs are barking in the distance. 
crickets are chirping and dogs are barking at each other. 
a man is speaking while a car drives by. 
a man is speaking in the background as a car drives by. 
a man is speaking in the background while a car drives by. 
a man is speaking in the background as a car drives past. 
a man is speaking in the background while a car is driving. 
a white noise is playing in the background. 
a white noise is being played. 
a white noise is playing in the background 
a white noise is playing. 
a white noise is being made. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
someone is opening and closing a creaky door. 
someone is opening and closing a creaky door 
someone is opening and closing a creaky door and then opening and closing it. 
someone is opening and closing a creaky door and then closing it. 
people are talking and cars are honking and horns are honking. 
people are talking and cars are honking in the background. 
people are talking and cars are honking. 
people are talking and cars are honking and honking. 
people are talking and cars are honking and horns are honking 
a machine is running and a fan is blowing. 
a machine is running while a fan is running. 
a machine is running while a fan is blowing. 
a machine is running and humming. 
a fan is running and humming. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the distance. 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping in the background 
crickets are chirping and birds are chirping 
rain is falling on a metal surface. 
rain is falling on a concrete surface. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the sky. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the roof. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the outside. 
a horse is trotting up and down a hard surface. 
a horse is galloping up and down a hard surface. 
a horse is trotting up and down a hard floor. 
a horse is trotting up and down a hard hard surface. 
a horse is trotting up and down stairs. 
a large crowd of people are talking in the background. 
people are talking in the background as glass clatters. 
people are talking in the background as glass clatters and glass clatters. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a restaurant. 
a large crowd of people are talking and laughing. 
rain is falling down on a surface. 
rain is falling down on a roof and a car is driving by. 
rain is pouring down on a surface. 
rain is falling down on a roof. 
rain is falling down on a surface and a car is driving by. 
someone is walking on a gravel path. 
a person is walking on a gravel path. 
someone is walking on a gravel road. 
a person is walking on a gravel road. 
a person is walking on a gravel path and then a person is running on it. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car is driving by. 
waves crashing on a sandy beach. 
waves are crashing on a beach. 
waves crashing on a beach. 
waves are crashing on the beach. 
waves crashing on the beach. 
a metal sword is clashing against another metal object. 
a sword is clashing against a metal object. 
a sword is clashing against another sword. 
a sword is clashing against another metal object. 
a sword is clashing with a metal object. 
people are talking and birds are chirping in the background. 
people are talking and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
a car is passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
a car is passing by on a highway. 
a car is passing by on a road. 
water is running in the background while a person is talking in the background. 
water is running in the background and a person is talking in the background. 
water is running in the background while a person is talking in the background 
water is running in the background while a person is talking. 
water is running in the background and a person is talking in the background 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
cars are passing by on a busy highway. 
cars passing by on a busy road. 
cars passing by on a busy street. 
an electric guitar is being played in the background. 
an electric guitar is being played. 
an electric guitar is being played in a studio. 
a guitar is being played in a studio. 
an electric guitar is being played in the background 
wind chimes are ringing and people are talking in the background. 
wind chimes are ringing in the background as people talk in the background. 
wind chimes are ringing and people are talking. 
wind chimes are ringing and people are talking in the background 
a wind chime is ringing in the background. 
people are talking in the background while a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background while cars drive by. 
people are talking in the background as a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background while cars are passing by. 
people are talking in the background while a vehicle drives by. 
a helicopter is flying overhead. 
an aircraft is starting up, running, and landing. 
an aircraft is starting up, running, and taxiing. 
an aircraft is starting up, running, and stopping. 
a helicopter is flying overhead and landing. 
a machine is running and then stops. 
a machine is spinning and turning. 
a machine is running, and then stops. 
a machine is running, and then it stops. 
a machine is running and spinning. 
a person is walking on pebbles and gravel. 
someone is walking on pebbles and gravel. 
a person is walking on pebbles in the background. 
someone is walking on pebbles in the background. 
someone is walking on a gravel path. 
water is flowing and people are talking in the background. 
water is flowing into a fountain and people are talking. 
water is flowing and people are talking. 
water is flowing and people are talking in the background 
water is flowing in a fountain. 
birds are chirping in the background as a helicopter flies overhead. 
birds are chirping in the background while a helicopter flies overhead. 
birds are chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background while a truck drives by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a helicopter flies overhead 
rain is falling and people are talking in the background. 
rain is falling and people are talking. 
rain is falling and people are talking in the background 
rain is falling on the ground and people are talking. 
rain is falling and people are talking in background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background as traffic passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
people are talking in the background and a door is opened. 
people are talking in the background while a door is opened and a door is closed. 
a person is walking and talking in a hallway. 
people are talking in the background while a door is opened. 
people are talking in the background as a door opens and a door closes. 
crickets are chirping in the background while birds are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background while birds are chirping in the distance. 
crickets are chirping loudly in the background. 
crickets are chirping in the background while birds are chirping. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping. 
water is flowing and birds chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping in the background 
water is flowing and birds chirping. 
someone is opening and closing a squeaky door. 
a squeaky door is opened and closed. 
a squeaky door is being opened and closed. 
a squeaky door is opening and closing. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
a large crowd of people are talking in the background. 
people are talking in a crowded restaurant. 
a group of people are talking in a crowded restaurant. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a crowded restaurant. 
a group of people are talking in a restaurant. 
a dog is barking and a car is passing by. 
a dog is barking and a dog is barking. 
a dog barking and a car passing by. 
a dog barks and a car passes by. 
a dog is barking and a car is passing. 
birds are chirping and chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and wind is blowing in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background and wind is blowing in the background. 
birds are chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and wind is blowing. 
birds are chirping and a car is passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background while cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car passes by. 
birds are chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
birds are chirping and a car is passing by 
heavy rain is falling on the roof of a building. 
heavy rain is falling on a metal surface. 
heavy rain is falling on a metal roof. 
heavy rain falling on a metal surface. 
rain is falling on a metal surface. 
crickets are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
crickets chirping in the background while a car passes by. 
crickets chirping in the background while cars pass by. 
crickets are chirping and traffic is passing. 
crickets chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
thunder and crickets are chirping in the background. 
thunder claps and crickets chirp in the background. 
thunder claps and crickets chirping in the background. 
thunder claps and crickets chirping in the background 
thunder and crickets chirping in the background. 
the wind is blowing and the rain is falling. 
rain is pouring down on the ground as a car drives by. 
the wind is blowing and a car is driving by. 
the wind is blowing and the rain is falling on the ground. 
rain is pouring down on the ground as a car drives by 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and people are talking. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the distance. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background 
birds are chirping and people are talking in background. 
