a machine is spinning and clicking. 
a radio is being broadcast and a man is speaking. 
a crackling noise is heard as a crackling noise is heard. 
keys jingling and shaking. 
a knife is being slid across a surface and then it is drawn back and forth. 
people are talking and laughing in a crowded room. 
someone is breathing heavily and slowly. 
a man is making a grunting sound. 
wind is howling and howling in the distance. 
someone is opening and closing a bottle of water. 
a bell rings and a child is playing. 
a person is crumpling a plastic bag. 
a boat is making its way through the ocean. 
someone is swinging a stick in the air. 
a machine is running and a fan is blowing. 
traffic is passing by and vehicles are passing by. 
cicadas are chirping and a wind is blowing. 
a sound is being made with a sound synthesizer. 
a radio is being tuned to a static frequency. 
a person is opening and closing a bottle of wine. 
a band is playing a song. 
water is flowing in a pipe and a toilet is running. 
a machine is running and a person is making a noise. 
a loud, loud, and slightly metallic sound is being played. 
someone is turning pages of a book and flipping through it. 
a horse is chirping and a dog is chirping in the background. 
a bell is ringing and a person is speaking. 
a horse is passing by and people are talking in the background. 
birds are cawing and cawing in the background. 
people are talking and clattering in a crowded restaurant. 
knife sharpening with a sharpening tool. 
a person is making a noise and then a person is making a noise. 
the wind is blowing and the waves are crashing. 
a drum is being played and a keyboard is being played. 
water is flowing into a sewer grate. 
a small chime is played on a small keyboard. 
a machine is running and stops. 
someone is dropping a box of plastic and hitting it with a hammer. 
coins are being deposited in a vending machine. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
a person is clicking on a piece of paper. 
people are talking and clanking in a cafeteria. 
birds are chirping and a person is talking in the background. 
a car is driving by and then stops. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a squeak occurs as a glass is pushed against a surface. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor and tapping on a wooden table. 
a machine is making a noise and then a person is making a noise. 
a person is sliding a paper towel across a table. 
a high pitched buzzing sound is being played. 
wind blows and waves are crashing against a tree. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a person is creaking a creaky cardboard box. 
a person is running and running in a small room. 
a spoon is being used to stir a cup of coffee. 
a cat is purring and breathing. 
a door is opened and closed and a door is opened. 
someone is opening and closing a door. 
a loud, metallic sound is being played. 
someone is picking up a piece of metal and dropping it on a table. 
a person is opening and closing a bottle of wine. 
a machine is spinning and scraping against a metal surface. 
people are talking and clicking on a machine. 
a metal object is being poured into a plastic container. 
a machine is running and spinning. 
a motor is running and a humming is occurring. 
a machine is grinding and grinding metal. 
a dog is howling and barking in the background. 
someone is walking in a hallway. 
a loud, buzzing organ is playing. 
a toy is being played with a stick. 
water is flowing down a drain and a car is driving by. 
a machine is running and a machine is making a noise. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
running through a forest with a man running in the background. 
a person is walking in a hallway. 
a machine is driving by and a car is passing by. 
a person is slapping their hands together. 
thunder is clapping and thunder is clapping. 
a dog snores loudly and then snores again. 
a person is walking down the stairs and a voice is saying something. 
a truck is passing by and birds are chirping. 
a plane is passing by and screeching. 
someone is walking down stairs and then a door opens. 
water is flowing through a glass container. 
a cat is purring and licking its lips. 
a person is walking through a pile of leaves. 
people are talking and walking in the background. 
water is splashing and splashing in the bathtub. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds chirping and crickets chirping in the background. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a person is walking through a forest. 
a person is talking and a bird chirps in the background. 
a machine is running and turning on. 
water is flowing through a drain and a fountain. 
a fire is burning and a person is talking. 
a heavy rain falls on a metal surface. 
someone is cutting a piece of wood with a knife. 
an emergency siren is sounding in the background. 
birds chirping and traffic passing by in the background. 
people are talking and laughing in a large crowd. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a thunderstorm is being heard and processed. 
a bee buzzes and flies around. 
waves are crashing on the shore of a beach. 
a person is cutting a piece of paper with a knife. 
a cricket chirps loudly and then stops. 
a motor is revving and a person is making a noise. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a car is passing by and a person is talking. 
a large crowd of people are talking and singing. 
fireworks are exploding and people are talking. 
water is falling from a fountain and a bird chirps. 
waves crashing on the beach. 
children are playing and playing in the background. 
a machine is running and revving up. 
thunder is clapping and birds are chirping. 
a metallic clanging sound is being made. 
water is being poured into a sink. 
pigs are grunting and squealing in the background. 
someone is walking in the forest and then a person is running in the background. 
a machine is running and buzzing. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
a bell is ringing and a voice is saying something. 
birds chirp and chirp in the background. 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
a person is playing a sound of the universe. 
a siren is heard and a siren is heard. 
a baby is making a loud, angry, and excited speech. 
a person is talking and a car is driving by. 
a loud clap of a cicada is chirping in the background. 
someone is walking through the leaves and crunching them. 
cars passing by on a busy street 
someone is speaking and a person is walking in the background. 
a car is passing by and a person is talking. 
thunder is clapping and rain is falling. 
a truck is honking and honking while a car is honking and honking. 
a crowd of people are cheering and cheering. 
a motor vehicle is starting, running, and stopping. 
a person is shaking a bag of plastic. 
children are playing in the background while a man is talking. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
a machine is running and a person is coughing. 
a piano loop is played. 
rain is hitting the window of a car. 
a person is dropping a wooden object onto a wooden surface. 
a bell is ringing and a glass is being hit. 
a propeller is starting up and running. 
water is running from a faucet into a sink. 
a train is passing by and a person is speaking. 
a machine is running and a door is opened. 
birds chirping in the background as a car drives by. 
water is splashing into a puddle. 
birds chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping. 
running on dirt with a person running on it. 
a car engine is starting and running. 
birds chirping and a car is passing by. 
water is flowing and people are talking in the background. 
a metal object is being dragged across a metal surface. 
a machine is pumping a machine. 
a motorcycle is idling and idling. 
a truck is driving by and a car is starting. 
a truck is backing up and backing up. 
a person is hitting a ball with a hammer. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
birds chirping and a person is talking in the background. 
a car is driving by and a truck is passing by. 
a car is driving on a bumpy road. 
a machine is running and idling. 
a person is walking on a sidewalk. 
a machine is running and a fan is blowing. 
birds are chirping and people are talking in the background. 
a person is making a noise in a cave. 
a train is passing by and a car is passing by. 
a person is walking on a wooden platform. 
a machine is running and then stops. 
a person is opening and closing a car door. 
a gas can is being used to make a gas leak. 
a cat is howling and howling. 
a chainsaw is being used to cut a tree. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used. 
someone is walking on a rock. 
a machine is starting and running. 
a metallic sound is being played. 
a person is walking down the stairs and then a door opens and closes. 
water is lapping on the shore of a lake. 
a truck is driving by and a car is passing by. 
a person is writing on a piece of paper. 
a large engine is running and a car is passing by. 
a large engine is running and a car is driving by. 
a machine is running and grinding wood. 
a person is opening and closing a plastic box. 
a coin is being dropped into a glass jar. 
a train is passing by and a whistle is sounded. 
a truck is reversing and beeping. 
a person is chopping wood with a wooden spoon. 
a person is frying a piece of bread in a skillet. 
a train is running and people are talking. 
paper is being turned and shuffled. 
a crowd of people cheering and clapping. 
a clock is ticking and a ticking alarm is ringing. 
a large amount of water is being poured over a surface. 
a metal door is creaking loudly. 
a creaky wooden door creaks as it is opened and closed. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
birds are chirping and cawing in the background. 
a person is cracking a piece of cardboard. 
a loud, high pitched noise is being heard. 
wind is blowing and a person is coughing. 
a tractor is starting up and idling. 
a person playing a didgeridoo on a didgeridoo. 
a car engine is idling and revving. 
a truck is passing by and a car is passing by. 
rain is falling on a window sill and a car is driving by. 
a sound is being made with a mic. 
a door is opening and closing. 
someone is cleaning a metal container with a paper towel. 
a train is passing by and a horn is sounded. 
a person is taking a shower and turning it on. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
water is splashing in a puddle. 
a person is hitting a tree with a stick. 
a train is passing by and a person is speaking. 
a train is passing by and stops. 
a loud buzzing noise is being made. 
a loud noise is being made by a machine. 
rain is falling on a hard surface and a person is talking. 
birds are cawing and cawing in the background. 
a car is driving by and a bird chirps. 
a small object is being dropped onto a hard surface. 
someone is walking on pebbles and sand. 
someone is shaking a plastic bag and then moving it around. 
a bus is passing by and stops. 
a vibrating glass is being played. 
a lawnmower is running and a car is passing by. 
a truck is passing by and a person is speaking. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the distance. 
a crackling sound is being made. 
a metal door is being opened and closed. 
a car is passing by and people are talking. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
someone is walking on a sidewalk and birds are chirping in the background. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
birds chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
a cricket chirps loudly in the background. 
water is flowing through a fountain and a fountain is running. 
a person is talking to a person in the kitchen. 
frogs are croaking in the background. 
a metal object is being moved around. 
rain is falling on a metal surface. 
a car is driving by and birds are chirping. 
water is running in a shower. 
wind blows and crickets chirp in the background. 
a drum loop is playing and a bass drum is playing. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
a steam train is starting and stopping. 
cars are passing by and people are talking. 
a train is passing by and a person is talking. 
a person is breathing in a deep, deep, deep voice. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
a bell is ringing loudly. 
wind is blowing and a person is talking. 
a bird is making a squeak. 
a car is passing by and a person is talking. 
a person is tapping a metal bowl with a metal object. 
wind blows through a tree and leaves are rustling. 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
a train is passing by and a person is speaking. 
a large piece of glass is hitting a hard surface. 
a siren is heard and a car drives by. 
wind is blowing and a wind turbine is blowing. 
birds chirping in a bird market. 
a man is shouting and a woman is singing. 
a person is picking up a piece of paper. 
someone is walking through a forest with a tree branch. 
a person is playing with a toy. 
a large group of frogs chirping in the background. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
someone knocks on a wooden door and then knocks again. 
a piece of wood is being dragged along a surface. 
birds are chirping and insects are buzzing. 
water is running down a drain and a person is turning on the tap. 
rain is falling and a car is driving by. 
a person is chopping wood with a hammer. 
a truck is passing by on a busy street. 
a bird is making a sound. 
a car is driving on gravel and gravel. 
a metal object is being rubbed against a metal surface. 
a bird is singing and a bird is chirping. 
a door is creaking and opening and closing. 
a metal object is being moved around in a metal container. 
a metal object is being hit with a metal object. 
a machine is running and a water pump is running. 
a boat is passing by and a person is talking. 
a wave is coming in and out of the ocean. 
birds chirping and a car is driving by. 
a person clicks a pen and then clicks a button. 
water is poured into a glass. 
a bird chirps and waves are crashing in the background. 
a person is stirring a cup of water and then a spoon is inserted into the cup. 
someone is walking on the snow. 
someone is walking on a hard surface. 
a person is opening and closing a drawer. 
water is flowing through a fountain. 
people are talking and clinking objects in a library. 
a musical instrument is playing and a man is speaking. 
a person is opening and closing a drawer. 
water is splashing into a fountain. 
waves are crashing on the beach. 
rain is falling and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and a wind is blowing in the background. 
a person is walking on a hard surface. 
a rooster crowing loudly in the background 
someone is putting a metal object into a metal container. 
a bird is calling and a bird is chirping. 
someone is walking through a tree. 
someone is walking on crunchy snow. 
a woman is speaking and a man is speaking. 
a train is passing by and a bell is ringing. 
someone is squishing a banana in a container. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
water is flowing into a stream or stream. 
a metal object is being struck with a hammer. 
a thunderstorm is blowing and then a wind is blowing. 
a machine is being used to print out a paper. 
an aircraft is starting up and taxiing away. 
someone is eating a wet noodle. 
people are talking and clinking pots and pans. 
a train is passing by and a horn is ringing. 
a train is passing by and a person is speaking. 
a toilet flushing and refilling. 
a machine is making a sound. 
a car is passing by and a dog is barking. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
paper is being turned in a magazine. 
footsteps are crunching and crunching in the wet forest. 
someone is rummaging through a drawer. 
someone is walking on a hard surface. 
a car is squeaking and creaking in the background. 
a truck is passing by and a car is driving by. 
water is flowing and bubbling in a small stream. 
cows are mooing and birds are chirping. 
a horse is galloping and a man is walking. 
a small mechanical ratchet is being wound up. 
a horse is eating grass and chewing on it. 
a bird chirps and then sings. 
a person is talking and a bird is chirping. 
a group of people chanting in a church. 
a low pitched, low pitched, low pitched, low pitched, low pitched, low pitched, low pitched, low pitched, low pitched, low pitched
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the distance. 
a radio station is tuned to a different frequency than the radio station. 
a woman is talking and laughing. 
a person is drinking a cup of coffee. 
a metal object is being clicked on and off. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a large machine is revving up and down. 
a car is passing by on a highway. 
a cat is crying and a crow is whimpering. 
a loud growl is being made. 
a person is digging a hole in the ground. 
a person is walking through a forest and then a tree is cut. 
people are talking and laughing in the background. 
a washing machine is running and a machine is running. 
a bird chirping and a car driving by. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
someone is walking on snow. 
a car is passing by and people are talking. 
a motorcycle is revving and driving by. 
a dog is barking and a bird is chirping. 
a bell rings and birds chirp in the background. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
someone is tapping a glass of water with a wooden spoon. 
a train is passing by and a helicopter is flying overhead. 
a train is passing by and a horn is ringing. 
rain is falling on a plastic roof and a car is driving by. 
someone is walking on a creaky wooden floor. 
a car is passing by and a person is talking. 
someone is walking on a concrete sidewalk. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
a person is tapping a metal surface. 
a person is talking and a door is opened. 
a crackling noise is playing in the background. 
people are talking and clattering in a crowded restaurant. 
a bus is driving by and stops. 
water is flowing down a drain and splashing into a pool. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
a dog is barking and a bird is chirping. 
water is flowing and splashing on rocks. 
a crowd of people chanting and singing in the background. 
cicadas are chirping and wind is blowing. 
a clock ticks loudly and then a person clicks. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
a synthesizer is playing a sequence of sounds. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a crowd of people are talking and cheering. 
birds are chirping and a dog is barking. 
wind is blowing and a person is speaking. 
a crowd of people are talking and walking in the background. 
a machine is running and revving up. 
birds chirping and a car passing by. 
a rhythm is playing and a synth is playing. 
applause is occurring and cheering is being heard. 
a horse is running and people are talking. 
a printer is printing out a series of letters. 
a person is rubbing a sheet of paper against a surface. 
a wind blows and a car drives by. 
a dog chirps and a car is driving by. 
a cricket chirps loudly in the background. 
a cat is making a purring sound. 
a machine is making a noise and then it starts to turn on. 
a machine is running and a machine is making a noise. 
a machine is making a noise and then it starts to move. 
a car is passing by and a bird chirps. 
a bird is making calls and chirping. 
a knife is being sharpened against a metal object. 
a person is dropping a piece of wood onto a pile of wood. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a bird is chirping and a wind is blowing. 
water is running in a sink and a faucet is turned off. 
someone is brushing their teeth with their teeth. 
cars drive by and a person speaks. 
water is flowing and flowing rapidly. 
wind blows and a dog is barking. 
a string string is played and a piano is played. 
someone is chopping vegetables on a plastic cutting board. 
a chair is being dragged across a floor. 
a large waterfall is flowing in the background. 
someone is breathing through a mouth. 
a large waterfall is flowing in the background. 
a car horn is honking and a car is honking. 
toilet flush and water flow 
a whistle is whistling and a kettle is boiling. 
a machine is operating and stops. 
a large waterfall is flowing in the background. 
a door is opening and closing and a door is being opened. 
a sound is being made with a vibrating pad. 
a loud buzzing noise is being made. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor. 
a train is passing by and a person is speaking. 
a coffee machine is being used. 
cicadas are chirping and wind is blowing. 
a train is passing by and a horn is blowing. 
a person is walking on a sidewalk and a car is passing by. 
birds are quacking and splashing in the water. 
cars are racing at a race track, and engines are revving. 
a person is pouring a hot liquid into a pan. 
a bird chirps loudly and then a car drives by. 
a flock of geese flying overhead. 
a bullet hits a concrete surface 
a person is walking on a carpet. 
water is splashing in the background as a person walks in the background. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
a washing machine is running and idling. 
water is flowing and flowing in a stream. 
a small wooden bamboo wind chime is being played. 
wind is blowing and a car is driving by. 
a goat bleats and a woman bleats. 
the wind is blowing and birds are chirping in the background. 
paper is being handled and rustling. 
water is running and the water is running. 
a small object is being dropped onto a surface. 
birds are chirping and squawking in a zoo. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
people are talking and chatting in a crowded restaurant. 
rain is falling on a roof and a car is driving by. 
a man is speaking and a woman is speaking. 
water is flowing in a shallow pool. 
a sound is being played and then a sound is being played. 
cars are passing by on a busy highway. 
a train is passing by and a person is speaking. 
birds are chirping and other birds are chirping in the background. 
a soda can is opened and a fizz is poured. 
rain is falling on a plastic sheet. 
people are talking and chatting in a crowded place. 
a machine is running and a person is grinding a coffee. 
steps are being walked on a wooden floor. 
a sheep bleating and a bird chirping in the background. 
water is flowing in a shallow water. 
a door is opening and closing, and a squeak is heard. 
a wooden object is being moved around. 
a person is hitting a glass with a spoon and clinking it together. 
a large horn is blowing loudly and continuously. 
someone is turning through a book. 
people are talking and talking in a small room. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a bell is struck with a soft mallet. 
a person is walking on a gravel road. 
bees are buzzing and birds are chirping in the background. 
a machine is working and a person is talking. 
a loud noise is being made and then a series of clicks are made. 
a man is singing a prayer and a woman is speaking. 
a person is moving a glass bottle and then clinking it together. 
fireworks are exploding in the distance and a person is talking. 
a large wave is making its way down the shore. 
a steam train is starting and stops. 
paper is being ripped and torn. 
a car is driving on a gravel road. 
a metallic sound is being played and processed. 
someone is walking on leaves and crunching them. 
a metal object is hit with a metal rod. 
thunder is clapping and rain is falling. 
birds are chirping and crickets are chirping. 
water is running in a shower. 
a train is running and a door is opened. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
a person is washing a container and then a person is washing it. 
a train is passing by and a car is passing by. 
a bird chirps and a car drives by. 
a siren is sounding in the distance. 
a guitar is playing and a piano is playing. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
a plane is flying overhead. 
cicadas are chirping and calling in the background. 
people are talking and walking in the background. 
water is pouring into a sink and then being poured into a sink. 
birds are chirping and chirping in the background. 
water is falling into a sink and then splashing into a bucket. 
a door is opened and closed. 
someone is opening and closing a drawer and then opening and closing it. 
thunder is falling and thunder is coming. 
a microwave is running and a door is open. 
birds are chirping in a tree. 
a machine is running and a person is speaking. 
a car is driving on a highway. 
a motorcycle is passing by and a car is passing by. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and a dog is barking. 
a person is using a saw to cut wood. 
people are talking and walking in a crowded market. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds chirping and a car engine is driving by. 
water is flowing and crickets are chirping. 
a helicopter is flying overhead. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
someone is writing on a paper with a pen. 
water is flowing through a large stream. 
a dog is barking and a car is passing by. 
a man is speaking and a woman is speaking. 
a wave is crashing on the beach. 
a metal door is opened and closed. 
birds chirping and distant traffic in the background. 
water is flowing in a stream. 
a person is cleaning a box of boxes. 
a woman speaks to a man and a man talking in the background. 
airplanes are passing by, and a plane is passing by. 
a person is speaking to a train. 
a large crowd of people are talking and talking. 
a police car is passing by, and a siren is blaring. 
rain is hitting the metal surface of a metal roof. 
birds chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping and a distant traffic is in the background. 
the waves are crashing against the shore and birds are chirping. 
a train is passing by and a car is driving by. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
rain is falling on a tree and a car is driving by. 
a person is opening and closing a metal object. 
a person is placing a cup of coffee on a table. 
a person is writing on a piece of paper. 
a bell is struck and a metal object is struck. 
a person is making a sandwich and then a person is making a sandwich. 
a drum is playing and a crowd is cheering. 
toilet flushing and filling 
a toilet is flushing and the water is running. 
a bird is buzzing and crickets are chirping. 
a person breathing in and out. 
a person is shaking a box of coins. 
wind is blowing against the windshield of a car. 
a train is passing by and a bell is ringing. 
a large engine is running and a car is driving. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
a bird is chirping and a dog is barking. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor and a door is opened. 
a person is opening a door and opening it. 
heavy rain is falling on a concrete wall. 
a vacuum cleaner is running and is turning on. 
a refrigerator is humming and a machine is running. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
water is being poured into a bottle. 
bubbles are being blown through a straw into a water bottle. 
water is dripping into a sink and then it is splashing into a bucket. 
a person is frying a pan in a frying pan. 
a door is squeaking loudly as it is opened and closed. 
a roll of dice is being rolled on a hard surface. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
a person is shaking a coin. 
a train is passing by and a person is speaking. 
a car is driving on a bumpy road. 
a car is driving by and a dog is barking. 
rain is falling and thunder is blowing. 
a train is passing by and a person is speaking. 
the wind is blowing and the ocean is rushing by. 
a motor is running and a car is driving. 
a crowd cheers and claps as a crowd cheers. 
a machine is turning on and off. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
rain falling on an umbrella 
a car is driving by and a horn is honking. 
a sink is being filled with water and a drip is being made. 
a person is walking on a beach. 
children are shouting and laughing while a group of adults are talking. 
a large number of frogs and crickets are chirping. 
a plastic bag is being crumpled and crumpled. 
people are talking in a crowded room. 
water is flowing and bubbling in the background. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the sky. 
a truck engine is ticking over. 
a machine is running and idling. 
a person is pouring a drink into a glass. 
water is flowing into a drain and a person is talking. 
water dripping into a sink 
a metal object is being pushed against a metal surface. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
a person is crumpling a paper bag. 
birds chirping and people talking in the background. 
a person is walking and talking in a quiet environment. 
a metal object is being hit with a metal rod. 
someone is speaking in a soft voice. 
cars drive by on a busy street. 
a car is driving by and birds are chirping. 
someone is walking on a gravel path. 
toilet flushing and filling 
a car is driving on a highway. 
a vacuum cleaner is being used. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
a group of people are cheering and clapping. 
paper is being torn and then the paper is being torn. 
a train is passing by and a door is opened. 
a large metal door is creaking and creaking. 
airplanes are passing by and a jet is taking off. 
a person is talking in the background while a machine is running. 
rain is falling down onto a roof. 
a machine is running and grinding wood. 
a person writing on paper with a pencil. 
a truck is idling and idling. 
crickets chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
water is running in a sink. 
birds are chirping and a wind is blowing. 
rain is falling on a plastic roof. 
water dripping into a metal surface. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the roof. 
a growling growl is heard as a growl is heard. 
a person is walking on a beach. 
a person is washing their hands and then they are pouring water into a container. 
someone opens a door and opens it. 
birds are chirping and a waterfall is flowing. 
people are talking and laughing in the background. 
a sharp knife is being used to cut a piece of wood. 
a machine is running and a bell rings. 
a machine is running and a fan is blowing. 
a door is opening and closing and then closing. 
rain is falling on a metal roof. 
a machine is opening and closing a door. 
a motorcycle is starting up and a car is passing by. 
a large group of frogs chirping and crickets chirping in the background. 
water is flowing and flowing. 
a person is talking and a car is driving by. 
a machine is running and a bell rings. 
a car is driving on a bumpy road. 
water is flowing down a stream. 
someone is walking on a sidewalk and someone is talking. 
a trumpet is playing and people are talking. 
a person is speaking and footsteps are being made. 
a person is pounding on a wooden door. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a crowd of people are talking and cars are passing by. 
birds are chirping and a wind is blowing. 
a person is playing a piano and a trumpet. 
a person is walking on a wooden platform. 
a train is passing by and a door is opened. 
a person is opening a can of soda. 
a person is walking in a room and a car is driving by. 
children are playing and yelling in a school playground. 
a metal object is being hit with a metal object. 
waves are crashing on a beach. 
wind blowing in the wind 
crickets chirping in the background while wind blows. 
birds are chirping and calling. 
a metal door is being opened and closed. 
a radio is being played on the radio. 
a person is shaking a plastic container. 
a machine is running and a person is speaking. 
a person is making a sound of a kettle boiling. 
a buzzing noise is being made by a device. 
a drill is being used to drill a piece of wood. 
people are talking and laughing in a crowded bar. 
a person is opening a box of paper and then opening it. 
a machine is running and a machine is running. 
a dog barks and a bird chirps. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
a crowd of people are talking and walking in the background. 
someone is walking in the snow. 
birds are chirping and calling in the background. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
wind is blowing and people are breathing. 
a siren is heard and a siren is heard. 
radio stations are playing static and static. 
a car is passing by and someone is talking. 
water is flowing in a fountain and a person is talking. 
a person is dragging a metal container across a hard surface. 
a chainsaw is starting and revving up. 
a mechanical alarm clock rings and clicks. 
water is pouring into a sink and then it is being poured into a sink. 
a group of people are talking and laughing. 
a machine is running and a loud noise is coming from it. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming. 
a metal spoon is being tapped against a glass. 
rain is falling into a sewer grate. 
someone is taking a shower. 
a siren is heard and a siren is heard. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor with boots on. 
water is running into a sink and splashing into a bucket. 
a person is dropping a glass bottle onto a table. 
a person is crumpling a plastic bag. 
a motor is running and humming. 
a stapler is being used. 
someone opens and closes a door and opens it. 
water is running in a shower and the water is running. 
someone is writing on a piece of paper with a pencil. 
a person is talking and is talking. 
a fire is crackling and cracking. 
a crowd of people are talking and walking around. 
water is running in a pan and a person is talking. 
someone is walking on a concrete floor. 
a bell rings and a person is talking. 
people are talking and talking in a crowded area. 
a metal object is being struck with a metal object. 
thunder is falling and rain is falling. 
water is dripping down a sink and then it is dripping down a drain. 
a train is passing by and a person is talking. 
a fire is crackling and cracking. 
a bee is buzzing and a bird is chirping. 
water is splashing and splashing in the water. 
wind is blowing and a whistle is blowing. 
a group of people are talking and a boat is passing by. 
a machine is being used to create a sound. 
a hammer is being used to hammer a piece of metal. 
a jackhammer is being used to drill through concrete. 
water is flowing from a fountain and splashing into a small stream. 
people are talking and talking in a crowded restaurant. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
a car is driving by and a dog is barking. 
a cricket chirps loudly and a person is talking in the background. 
a large wave is crashing against the shore. 
a truck is driving by and a car is passing by. 
an airplane is passing overhead. 
waves crashing on the beach. 
a person is walking in a quiet area. 
a machine is running and a motor is running. 
a motorcycle is passing by on a wet road. 
gas is being used to ignite a gas stove. 
a train is passing by and a horn is blowing. 
a person is tapping a metal object against a metal surface. 
water is flowing in a large stream. 
a man is playing a violin and a woman is singing. 
a squeaky object is being rubbed against a metal surface. 
a door is being opened and a door is being opened. 
water is flowing down a stream and a car is driving by. 
a person is frying a pan. 
a person is talking and a machine is running. 
a goose is quacking and a bird is chirping. 
a car is being driven and brakes are being applied. 
cars are passing by and revving their engines. 
wind is blowing and birds are chirping. 
water is running in a fountain and a person is washing their hands. 
a bird is chirping and a call is coming from a bird. 
people are talking and laughing and talking in the background. 
the wind is blowing and crickets are chirping. 
a door is being opened and closed. 
water is being poured into a glass. 
a metal object is being moved around in a metal container. 
water is flowing and children are talking in the background. 
a car is passing by and a person is talking. 
a train is passing by and a car is passing by. 
a bird chirps and a dog chirps. 
someone is breathing heavily and then exhaling. 
a metal object is being hit with a hammer. 
a man is rubbing his hands together and a ball is rolling. 
a machine is running and a sound is being made. 
a car engine is idling and idling. 
rain is falling on a surface and a person is talking. 
a car is driving by on a highway. 
waves are crashing on the shore of a beach. 
a large number of frogs and crickets are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a motor is being driven by a car. 
a vehicle is passing by and a voice is heard. 
a bus is driving by and people are talking. 
people are talking and clinking food and dishes. 
water is flowing and bubbling. 
water is flowing down a waterfall. 
people are talking and laughing in a crowded restaurant. 
a door is opened and closed and a door is opened. 
water is flowing down a stream and birds are chirping. 
a train is arriving at a station. 
a train is passing by and a person is talking. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
crickets chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
a motor boat is passing by and a helicopter is hovering over. 
a door is opening and closing, and a person is opening and closing it. 
someone is whistling and a whistle is blowing. 
a person is walking and talking in a hallway. 
waves crashing against rocks 
cars are passing by and pedestrians are talking in the background. 
water is flowing into a fountain. 
a person is walking on a wooden floor. 
birds chirping and chirping in the background. 
a metal vessel is being driven by a motor. 
water is flowing into a drain. 
water is running in a shower. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a car is driving by and a bird chirps. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the sky. 
people are talking and children are playing. 
a train horn is blowing and a bird chirps. 
a loud noise is being generated. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the sky. 
wind is blowing and leaves rustle. 
water drips and drips in a container. 
water is being poured into a bucket and then splashed into a bucket. 
someone is walking on dry leaves and crunching them. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
rain is falling on a surface and a person is talking. 
birds chirping and a car passing by. 
a guitar is playing a melody. 
a siren is heard and then a siren is heard. 
birds are chirping and calling in the background. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
wind is blowing in the background as a car drives by. 
water is flowing into a sink and then splashing into a bucket. 
someone is walking on a wooden floor. 
birds are singing and the wind is blowing. 
a train is passing by and a bell rings. 
cars are passing by on a busy street. 
water is running from a faucet into a sink. 
a train is passing by and a horn is sounded. 
a train is passing by and a horn is sounded. 
a person is opening and closing a door. 
a motorcycle is idling and idling. 
a car is passing by and a person is talking. 
someone is scraping a table against a table. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a person is walking through water and splashing. 
water is flowing and people are talking. 
rain is falling on a corrugated metal surface. 
a heavy rain is falling on a plastic sheet. 
crickets chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background. 
water is flowing into a creek and then into a stream. 
a car is washing its windshield wipers. 
a dog is barking and a bird is singing. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a large crowd of people are talking in a large room. 
a bell is struck and people talk in background. 
a metal object is being hit with a metal object. 
waves are crashing on the shore of a beach. 
a machine is running and a car is passing by. 
people are talking and walking around in a room. 
people are talking and a boat is passing by. 
a person is talking and crickets are chirping. 
a bell is ringing and a person is talking. 
a person is walking in a hallway and a car is passing by. 
someone is touching a piece of paper. 
rain is falling on a plastic roof. 
a metal latch is being opened and closed. 
water is poured into a cup and then poured into a glass. 
a loud, buzzing sound is generated. 
people are talking and roosters are making noise. 
water dripping from a faucet and then dripping into a sink. 
crickets chirping in the background while a dog chirps in the background. 
people are talking and laughing in the background. 
children are playing and birds are chirping. 
a motorcycle is idling and cruising. 
rain is falling and a car is passing by. 
water is flowing down a stream. 
people are talking in a hall and a crowd is talking. 
someone is walking on gravel and pebbles. 
a wooden object is being moved and creaking. 
a large group of birds are barking and a car is driving by. 
a machine is running and humming. 
water is running from a faucet into a sink. 
the wind is blowing and the waves are crashing. 
a plane is flying and people are talking. 
rain is falling and thunder is rumbling. 
cars are passing by and people are talking in the background. 
birds chirping and a car is driving by. 
a ship is passing by and a hum of a ship is heard. 
water is flowing into a sewer grate and then into a sewer grate. 
people are talking and clapping in the background. 
water dripping into a container and then dripping into a sink. 
pages are being turned in a book. 
a large crowd of people are talking and talking in a large hall. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
a metal object is being moved and clinking. 
crickets chirping in the background while a car drives by. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
rain is falling and a car is driving by. 
a person walks on a wet pavement and then drops a raindrop. 
a person is clicking a pencil and then a pencil. 
a fan is running and a fan is blowing. 
a jet engine is running and is blowing. 
a child is walking on a pool and a child is talking. 
birds are chirping and calling in the background. 
birds chirping and traffic passing by in the background. 
birds chirping and a car is driving by. 
a metal bowl is being hit with a wooden spoon. 
a machine is running and a machine is running. 
water is splashing and splashing in a pool. 
water is flowing in a stream. 
a person is walking on a sidewalk and a car is passing by. 
a machine is running and a person is speaking. 
rain is falling and falling on a surface. 
birds chirping and cicadas chirping in the background. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
a bell is ringing and a person is talking. 
a metal bowl is struck with a hammer. 
children are playing and shouting in the background. 
birds chirping and traffic is in the background. 
a car is driving by and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a car is passing by and a bird is chirping. 
a person is rolling a ball around and then rolling it back and forth. 
crickets are chirping and a car is driving by. 
someone is running down a wooden stairs. 
rain is falling on a concrete roof. 
water dripping into a sink or faucet. 
a train is passing by and a horn blares. 
a fire is burning and a person is breathing. 
a person is speaking and a bus is passing by. 
someone is opening and closing a drawer. 
a bell is hit on a metal surface. 
a woman speaks while a man speaks. 
a train is arriving at a station and people are talking. 
a bird chirps and a car drives by. 
someone is walking on gravel and gravel. 
water is dripping into a container and then being dropped into a bucket. 
people are talking and clattering in a restaurant. 
a sliding door is opened and closed. 
a door is squeaking loudly. 
a rooster crows loudly and then a crow is crowing. 
water is flowing in a stream and birds are chirping. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
someone is walking on leaves and crunching them. 
someone is tapping on a metal container. 
cars are passing by on a wet road. 
a person is playing a musical instrument. 
a person is walking on a gravel road. 
a man is speaking and a woman is speaking. 
a car is honking and a person is speaking. 
a car is passing by and a car is passing by. 
thunder is clapping and thunder is roaring. 
water is running in a drain and the water is running in a bucket. 
a dog is whining and barking. 
wind is blowing and a car is driving by. 
people are talking and laughing in a restaurant. 
children are playing and a car is driving by. 
a truck is driving by and a car is driving by. 
a bee is buzzing and birds are chirping in the background. 
a truck is passing by and a car is driving by. 
rain is falling on a concrete surface. 
a person walks through a forest with birds chirping in the background. 
a motor is running and a car is driving by. 
a boat is passing by and a person is talking. 
a machine is running and a door is opened. 
a metal door is opened and a metal door is opened. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
a woman speaks and a man speaks. 
a drill is being used to drill a hole in a piece of wood. 
someone is walking on gravel and birds are chirping in the background. 
a person is turning pages of a book. 
water is being poured into a kettle. 
someone is walking down a creaky staircase. 
waves are crashing against the shore and birds are chirping. 
birds are chirping and calling in the background. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
people are talking and walking in the background. 
a door is creaking loudly and slowly. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
a large group of frogs chirping in the distance. 
water is dripping in a bucket. 
a train is passing by and people are talking. 
someone is running on a hard surface. 
a machine is running and a person is talking. 
birds are chirping and a dog is barking. 
a wooden desk is being moved and opened and closed. 
water is flowing into a container. 
a crowd of people cheering and cheering. 
water is running down a drain and a person is talking. 
rain is falling and thunder is coming from the distance. 
people are talking and talking in the background. 
water is pouring into a bucket and then it is being poured into a bucket. 
a machine is running and a bell rings. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
the waves are crashing on the beach. 
a bird is screeching and a car is driving by. 
people are talking and talking in a crowded area. 
a helicopter is flying overhead. 
cars drive by and people are talking in the background. 
a dog chirps loudly and crickets chirp in the background. 
a man is speaking and a car is driving by. 
a static loop of static is played. 
a door is creaking and opening and closing. 
people are talking and cars are honking. 
a machine is running and humming. 
a bird chirps and a car drives by. 
rain is falling on a surface and thunder is coming from the sky. 
a horse is running and passing by. 
people are talking and talking in a crowded restaurant. 
rain is falling and a machine is running. 
someone is walking on a gravel surface. 
birds are chirping and a car is driving by. 
waves are crashing on a beach. 
a sword is being hit against another metal object. 
people are talking and walking in the background. 
a car is passing by on a busy road. 
a bird chirps and a dog chirps. 
cars are passing by on a busy road. 
a guitar is playing a melody. 
wind chimes are ringing in the background as they are being played. 
a motorcycle is passing by and people are talking. 
a plane is flying overhead and a person is talking. 
a machine is running and then stops. 
a person is walking on a gravel path. 
water is flowing in a fountain and people are talking in the background. 
birds are chirping and a helicopter is flying overhead. 
water is falling on a surface and people are talking. 
birds are chirping and traffic is passing by. 
a person is walking in a hallway. 
crickets are chirping and a bird is chirping. 
water is flowing and birds are chirping. 
a door is opening and closing. 
people are talking in a crowded restaurant. 
a car is passing by and a dog is barking. 
birds are chirping and singing. 
cars are passing by on a highway. 
rain is falling down on a metal surface. 
crickets chirping in the background while a car passes by. 
thunder is chirping and birds are chirping. 
rain is falling and a car is driving by. 
birds are chirping and talking in the background. 
